Every community has many type of people . 
There are the chiledren , yong people and old people . 
each M_part of those is helping M_developing their community even if they dont rlise that each of them has there M_way such as young people help there community by getting educated and have a job and M_forming a family . 
getting young people educated is something impotant for every person , but what does that do to the community ? 
when person get educated , he becomes more intilligant and more wise so he can do the right thing in the right time and M_gives him the effort to have a job to help the community to M_develop , he can graduate as an engneer and bulid better roads , or a doctor who can help pations to become healthy or a police man who protect the community to be a safer placeagain and so the yong person helped the community . 
Afterwards , these young people will get older and they will get married and they will have children and then they will teach their children how to be good person and help to M_develop the community and these children will grow up to be more helpful to their community In conclusion , every person is working on M_develop the community by getting educated and having a good job and M_forming a family .
Young people today are M_faced with constant M_pressures from their family , school , and community . 
The lives of each young person or teenager today M_focuses around a common goal of education . 
With all the M_pressures of education and family expectations the time that each young person M_gives to helping the communtity is not enough . 
In reality young people today do help the community but the factor that should be looked at is when do they help the community . 
They help the community every summer when the M_work M_load of school is decreased . 
During the summer young people look for summer jobs helping their families and working in small businesses . 
These summer jobs that each young person is dedicated to M_bring the community M_closer and help the community be M_stronger for the future . 
Each young person helps the community in an indirect way by working in different aspects to M_strengthen the M_bonds of community . 
When a young person works in the Super Market he greets everyone in the community with M_warmth and works to give an extra M_hand to the Super Market and this M_in M_the M_long M_run benefits the community because a M_strong community is a happy one provided with all their food resources from the Super Market . 
In another example when a young person volunteers in the summer to work in an orphanage they are helping the community greatly because when any person volunteers they are M_giving without expecting something M_back ; they are M_giving to help the community . 
The question that should be asked is how much time should each person M_give to helping the communtity ? 
Each young person should dedicate the time they M_gave to helping the community during the summer throughout the whole year . 
Even if it was for only five minutes a day it would benefit the community significantley in the future . 
In conclusion young people are helping the commuinity but they need to M_give more time to helping it .
I disagree about the opinion that young people enjoy life more than older people . 
I think It is true that young people , like students , M_have much time for going out with their friends . 
But after their graduate school , their life style are going to be changed so suddenly especialy in Tokyo . 
First of all , They M_lose their private time . 
They have to work hard that they have to improve their ablility in job to earn more money , for the payment for the apartment fee , haviing dating , saving future marriage , or having holidays . 
Old people M_have more money and time than the people in young generation . 
That the main reason why I disageed to the this opinion . 
First of all , they have a better experience than the younger people . 
Fine foods , shopping good quality funiture , clothes , go abload by cruesing etc . 
From my experience , it could be said , I m having more better life in my 30s than I experienced in my 20s . 
I could enjoy eating out at good restaurant , going precious classic concert , buying good quality clothing . 
Only one thing I can said about negative point about old people is , they do nt have enough energy physically sometime . 
For example , my hobby is used to be skiing , but I feel like start M_losing enogh physical toughness recently , to keep high speed in the big snow slope , keep moving from mountain to montain . 
I know it is M_natural changing for everyone , and not only me to M_face it , but actually it is kind of sad for me . 
But I m sure about that people could enjoy better life after getting old thant the yonger generation . 
They know what they want . 
And more , they could M_have enough financial M_confident and much more free time for leisure to enjoy their life style .
I fully agree that people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities , either because they think that they do not M_have the time or because they are money-oriented or because they think that they are not going to be able to make any drastic changes . 
People in past , however , use to M_dedicate time , money and effort for community service . 
Some fellow students think that they do not M_have time to join an NGO and to help in raising money for the poor , because they do not M_follow a schedule . 
Their time is M_eaten M_up by studying or by lazing about and when they are asked to make a few contributions such as helping in raising money for the poor or organising a certain event , they would think that this is going to prevent them from getting good grades . 
Some people are too money-oriented . 
For them M_time M_is M_money . 
So they do not want to M_waste their time by helping their communities . 
I once tried to recruit a few people in order to teach some illeterate children , how to read and write . 
The question I was asked was how much they were going to be paid and when they knew that it was for free the declined . 
When I reminded them of Doria Shafeek , an eminent feminist who used to buy children presents out of her own money to make them attend her reading and writing classes , they just M_shrugged their M_shoulders . 
Other people think that irrespective of the time and effort , they are going to M_put M_into helping their communities , they will not be able to effect any changes . 
i can remember a girl who was asked to join a Red Cross training course and she was of the opinion that she was not skillful enough . 
The woman responsible for recruiting people gave her a book on Florence Nightingale and how she started M_from M_scratch and what difference she made in the field of nursing and she talked to her about M_pampered women of society and princesses who used to pride themselves on how they learned how to nurse casualties of war . 
This really M_boosted the girl s morale and made her join the course . 
Poeple do not M_give enough time for their communities , either because they are too busy or they are ignorant to the benefits they are going to M_reap or the difference they are going to make . 
I think there should be more M_conscience raising sessions to point out to people how important working for their community is
When economy M_grows in a country , more people are able to purchase their own private cars . 
In this regard , more people may have cars in twenty years in Thailand . 
As far as Bangkok is concerned , however , I disagree that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . 
Currently , too many cars are on road with less proper regulations and these cars have caused environmental and health problems . 
Since these problems are geting more serious , the civil society , which may M_grow more in forthcoming decades in Thailand , urges the Thai Government to restrict the number of cars in Bangkok and the Government has started to take actions as follows . 
First , the Thai Government has been aware of necessity of more public transportationss due to the current trafic situation in Bangkok . 
In the morning and evening , people commuting by cars including their privaite vehicles and buses have to M_spend a lot of time ; this is really M_wast of time for individuals and the country s development . 
If people can use more varieties of trains with an affordable price and convenient manner , they will of course prefer using them . 
In this sence , it is important for the Government to continue to develop the underground train and sky-train system not only in Bangkok but also its suverbs . 
According to the plan of the Bangkok Metropolitan Authority , I am sure that a lot more lines of these trains will be constructed in twenty years . 
Second , alike Singapre and other countries , the Government will enforce a proactive regulation for reducing the number of private cars in Bangkok . 
For example , specific M_rush hours in morning and evening , a car should have 4 passengers including a driver . 
Besides , when Bangkok has become more developed , the price of its real estate will increase . 
Due to it , the parking lots will have to charge much more than now . 
This has been seen already in a big city like Tokyo , where people avoid using their car for shopping since the parking fee is sometimes more expensive than their purchase at the shopping center .
Exellent statement : why ? 
Because I think that this phrase is the question that lots of us ask to oneself . 
For me is difficult analyze it , but I will try to explain my idea . 
Immagine in your mind this : on the right hand you have young people , I have supposed that young could be until fouty years old , on the opposite hand you have old people . 
My idea is that for the fist part of people is simpler find something to do in general to enjoy their life than for the second part . 
The reasons are that when you are young I always suppose you M_have much energy to M_dicover something new , for example new sports , new interests , new M_passions or new works to do . 
All these reasons were used by old people when they were young and this for me can be another reason because the old people enjoy their life less then young . 
If I could M_get M_in old people mind I think that I would start to look me around and I would think : I have worked all life , I have studied all life and now I am pretty tired . 
With my mind is difficult think that in the future I will M_spend all my time to do nothing , maybe because I will not be able to what I would like to do , but this because I am young , because I want to M_discover new part of wolrd that I have not seen again , because I love sport and I think that I could not live without it , because I want to increase my knoledge and because I have to start to work . 
For all these reasons I understand the old people that they cannnot what they do , I think that it wolud be difficult to organize the life when you are old . 
However , I think that it is possible , because I have a personal example : my grandfather ; for him every morning is a new day to M_discover .
I totally agree with this statement , although it is rather simplistic . 
I think in fact that it is true that most advertisements make products seem much better than they are , but maybe this is just due to the location of the advertisement for example a beach or a wonderful house or because of the short time they have to present the product , so sometimes a thing is shown really fast , when it is actually not . 
Nevertheless I think that these are the only aspects that could be justified , but they are M_marginal aspects , not the M_core ones . 
It is a shame to make something seem fabolous when it is absolutely not or when it does not function at all . 
I believe that the media companies should avoid this kind of false advertising . 
Many M_surround the product or the brand with M_fantastic characteristics , implying that the people who wear it or buy it are cool and special . 
I strongly believe that this is extremely M_dangerous for the young spectators , who are particularly sensitive to these aspects and have not a M_defined personality yet , so they are easily convinceable . 
Moreover some could be M_dangerous even for adults : for example the advertisements on diet products , which are provided with false witnessing and interviews , which explains how many weight they have lost in so little time . 
I am personally particularly against this type of advertisements , because it is no more a matter of buying a television or a fridge which does not function , but rather a matter of health , which is much more important and has to be avoided . 
In conclusion I think that the only function of advertisement should be that of making the consumer aware of the creation of a new product and not to M_overwhelm him with false and useless information , although the consumer should be however critic .
I M_strongly hope so ! 
I am rather M_stuffed by the continous hearing of noisy car , the pollotion they produce and the stress they increase in people all the day . 
I think that the number of cars must be reduced for a lot of reason of any kind . 
There are too many cars in cityes : I m thinking of all the time i have been M_blocked in traffic , I m thinking at the stress that produce a situation like been in a M_jungle of clacson sound , peolpe that insult each others with no reason , all the important appointed posticipated ... 
Cars are expensive : since the car has began a status M_symbol its price has risen enormously . 
And the more people continue buying the cars at any price the more the price will rise Air pollution is caused by car : have you ever asked yourself how does it cost all the publics works to clean the building of the cityes from the thick dark layer of smog that cover them ? , or how dose it cost to restore the streets every two years ? 
The public transport can be more efficiet and less stressing : I think that public transport are the ony solution to the problem of the cars . 
We offcourse can not avoid to travel , we need to , we only have to consider more efficient way to move . 
The most importan features of public tranport is that the allow many people to travel at the same time with a grate maximization of the result at the same price . 
Furthermore there are new technology that use not energy that involve pollution such as solar energy , wind energy and so on . 
I think that future must M_go M_in M_this M_direction to have a safe life for us and for future generations .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
I bought a food with looking nice picture last week . 
Even though , when I cooked as exactly what the direction says , it looked defferent and it was not very nice . 
Those kind of things should have happeded to most people . 
I understand that they are doing business and they are trying to get more customers and sell the products . 
However , I do nt thing they should make advertisement make products seem better than they really are for three reasons . 
First , it makes people who bought the product disapointted . 
The light used in the picture on the advertisement and angles can make the product looks better . 
In addition , if the customer did not like the real product , they M_wasted their money . 
It is like M_cheating and not fair . 
Finally , the company might be complained by the customers . 
The customers will not buy the same product if they are disapointted by the product which were showed nicer than they really are . 
The product wil be popular only the begining and the profit will not get any better or get worse . 
People are happy and M_dreaming when they are looking at the advertisement . 
It is true that nice looking advertisement make people feel good . 
Although , people get more desapointted and sad if the difference is so big . 
Nice and beautiful advertisement give people M_dream but if it is not true , it is M_cheating . 
It is not good to show not real looks .
I believe that specializing in one subject is better and more important in the world we live in today , than having M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects . 
Having M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects can be very good socially since it allows the person to communicate with people on many subjects . 
However it is not enough in the society that we live in today , since you can not have a decent job if you merely have M_broad knowledge of things . 
Jobs require specific and thorough knowledge of a specific subject or subjects . 
Working as a lawyer for example requires thorough and M_indepth knowledge of the law and general knowledge would not be enough to become a lawyer . 
Specializing in one subject means that that person is going to become really good at that subject and that therefore he may M_pursue it in the future . 
This ensures that this person will be able to find a job in our now very specialized world . 
Someone who specializes in finance , for example , may work at a bank and then from there he can learn about many other things , which help in everyday life , and he can gain knowledge from having a job . 
Therefore specialization M_leads to M_broader knowledge in other subjects . 
Specialization , as it was discovered and agreed upon by most economists including the father of economics , Adam Smith , leads to greater efficiency . 
This is because someone who specializes in something and does it all the time discovers ways to improve upon it and therefore becomes an expert in that field . 
This has M_led to an increase in the specialisation of the workplace and jobs . 
That is way anyone who wishes to succeed in life and have a job needs to specialize in something . 
Due to all of this M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects is not better than specializing in one subject , atleast not at this point in time .
Although not perfectly , I agree with that statement , because it is obviously that young people , of course including me , do not help our comunities . 
I think the biggest reason why is that the M_connection with each other became very M_weak . 
30 or 40 years ago , when my parents were in our ages , there were very M_strong M_connection with neighbors . 
Sometimes they took care of their neighbor s babies , or made the dinner and share with neighbors . 
They often helped each other , so it was usual to help their comunities . 
However , now , there are many apartment houses , and many people live in another cities which they did not grow up . 
Then , the M_connection is becoming M_weak and M_weak , and sometimes we do not know who is the neighbors . 
If we do not know the people in our comunity , probably we do not have the feeling to M_spend the time to help our comunity . 
In addition that , we M_have few time to help our comunity . 
we have schools , part time jobs , working every day . 
And also the most of us leave home eary in the morning and come back home late in the night . 
In such a lifestyle , we M_have no time to help other people . 
But , on the other hand , there are some young people to M_have enough time to help their comunities . 
For examples , the people from the families who live the same comunity sinch the generations of their parents or grandparents . 
Such young people understand the comunities , so they can help them easily if they have something to do . 
In conclusion , I agree with that statement , but not perfectly . 
As I mentioned above , I know some people M_have enough time to help their comunities even if they are very busy . 
So , if they have the M_connection with their communities , they can help their comunities and also , they would M_make the time to do that .
Eventhough a tour guide can provide the traveller detailed and additional information about a place , I believe that the best way of traveling is in a group of people that self M_manage themselves . 
To me , traveling represents one of the finest and happiest moment of my life . 
It allows me to M_free my mind from the everyday routine through the M_discovery of a new country , different people , social customs and behaviors . 
For this reason , I like to organize my journey by myself , M_leaving M_open a lot of possibilities during the travel instead of planning the package ex ante with a tour guide . 
Furthermore , nowadays it is very easy to M_obtain relevant information about a specific journey . 
Travellers guides and the incredible amount of information M_contained in the internet can defintely help M_filling the informational M_gap of a traveller without hiring a specific person from the place . 
In my opinion traveling is a constant process of M_discovery the reality that M_sorrounds me . 
This is a learning by doing process in which every mistakes M_leads to a potential unexpected and positive situation that otherwise would nt had occured . 
On the other hand , the presence of a tour guide would inevitably make the journey very precise and M_strictly scheduled without allowing for the possibility of errors and unexpected situations . 
This combination of failures and successes makes me feel M_part of the place I am visiting and , at the same time , it gives me the incredibile opportunity to get M_in M_touch and talk with many people . 
The contact with locals is crucial in the M_discovery process of the travel and the presence of a tour guide would M_undermine a lot the ability to interact with other people . 
For all these reasons i M_strongly believe that traveling alone or with a group of good friends led by themselves is the best way of enjoying and taking advantage of the M_full M_potentials of a journey .
I agree with that people had better have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects . 
There are two reasons . 
First , it make people who do not have M_broad knowledge oto have difficulties in the companie or society . 
When we get jobs or enter the schools , we have oppotunities of talking with many people . 
At the time , However , we have only one spcific knowledge , for example the knowledge about mathematics , we can speak only about mathematics . 
It has possibility of giving other people the impression that you are boring person . 
It is very M_dagerous and we may be not able to lead a nice our lives in the society . 
Second , to studying one specific subject make your future very M_narrow one . 
For example , when the person who have been studying the mathematics in order to be a professor changes his or her mind and the person want to be a animal doctor , what the person should do ? 
He or she has the knowledge only about mathematics so he or she can not change his or her future job now . 
The person who have studied only one specific subject can not change or dicide their future again once they decided thier future in thier childhood . 
In conclusion , to specialize in one specific subject have M_dagerousness possibilities in deciding of the futures . 
Therefore , I agree with the former statement .
Advertisements or branding is an important M_key in today world of business , in fact , it become very essential in selling any product or item . 
Most marketting organizations or companies M_relay on branding or advertisements to introduce their products to the market . 
Most people are looking for brands through advertisements . 
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
In my opinion I think that this statement is completely true . 
Although advertisements M_gave the customers very valuable information about the product he or she intend to buy , but that is not neccessary to M_give him the M_full information he need and not to be nessessary ture 100 percent for many reasons : Firstly , the advertisement will be prepared by a specilaized staff or expert who is professionally prepared to M_attact customers to buy their products . 
In other word it is matter of money first of all , but not nessessary quality . 
There is no gauranttee about effecinecy or quality of the product unless it is very big company where brand name M_means a lot to that specefic company . 
Secondly , By using new advanced techological methods available today for photography , digital imaging and printing high technology , the marketing company can M_send M_strong M_messege to customers , but that not nessessaryily will M_give them M_full details about the brand or product . 
From my peronal experience , I think it is matter of trust and loyalty to a specific company . 
Long time ago , I have received some advertisement by mail about new type of shoes . 
The company pretends in their advertisemnet that their shoes will be practical at all seasons and it will stay for long time and the photo included in that advertisement was very ipresive . 
I was convenced at that time and I have decided to buy that shoes . 
It comes to my surprise when I have received my order , that type of shoes which I was waiting for is not what I am looking for . 
It was just nomal rubber shoes and it dies not stay for long as they have said . 
Of cousrse I get dissoponited In conclusion , I would like to declare that branding or advertisemnt is as nesessarry M_tools in marketing but also make products much better than they really are , especially by using high advanced technology available today .
I disagree with that young people enjoy life more than older people do . 
There are three reasons . 
First , older people M_have much time than young people because after older people retired thier jobs , they can enjoy M_the M_second M_life slowly . 
When they were working , they were so busy that they could not do what they want to . 
Besides , they could not take many vacations . 
They can do things which they could not do when they were working because they M_have a lot of time . 
However , young people do nt M_have a lot of time . 
They have to go to school or work . 
Students have exams . 
They are recqired to study harder and harder for exams . 
Second , they have more money than young people . 
When they were working , they would save money for their future . 
They can buy what they want , go where they want to and eat what they want to . 
Finally , of course older people have experienced a lot of things . 
They know what they should do when a problem happens . 
They also know how to avoid a problem . 
They would experience hard things that as if it seemed that they could not solve the problem , but young people have not experienced such a thing yet . 
Even if young people have experienced such a thing , the number would much less than those of older people .
Do you think people who always think and act same as other persons do will succeeed in the future ? 
I think people should try new things and take risks for their success . 
I have some reasons to M_support my opinion . 
First , I think many things are changing rapidly everyday ; for example , people s demands and preferences are different from yesterday . 
Thus we have to think about new things and products . 
If we do nt care about this point , no one will be interested our business , and we will not succeed . 
Second , risks M_produce big success for us . 
Most people do nt want to take risks because they are afraid of the result . 
Then , these people the safety way and get less success . 
They ca nt get much money or be supecial people . 
They are just general . 
However people who take risk will succeed because they chose very difficult way for them , and they will make an effort for success . 
Motivation is tottally different among the two people . 
Finally , people who do nt take risks do nt believe their abilities . 
They ca nt trust themselves for success . 
We have to believe ourselver for successs . 
In conclusion , for those reasons I agree with the statement . 
I think if we want to success , we should try risks and believe our possibilities and future .
It is such a hard thing to predict whether in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there is today or not . 
There are so many factors M_leading to the decrease in the number of cars . 
Some of these factors are the ever increasing oil price , the scarcity of gasoline and the high cost of car maintenance . 
However , there are other factors M_promoting the use of cars and thus will result in more number of cars in the future . 
In my opinion , I think that the number of cars wo nt decrease . 
In fact , I think that there will be more cars in the future , than there are today . 
One reason that may M_lead to the increase in the number of cars used , is the increasing number in population . 
The number of people is increasing world wide , and lots of countries are having population control problem . 
So , the more people there is , the more the need for cars and transport services . 
Another reason is the M_advancement in Science . 
Scientists are finding new energy sources that are abundant , less pollutant and cheap . 
Having a cheap energy source decreases the running cost of owning a car , and thus M_encourages more people to purchase and own cars . 
Moreover , having this source as clean and not a pollutant for the air or the environment will make it easier in terms of regulations to obtain a car . 
Last but not least , the M_advancement in technology is another M_key reason . 
M_Advancement in technology will increase the number of cars significantly . 
With technology M_advancing , car manufacturers are able to lower their cost of production for cars . 
Thus , it will be possible to produce cheaper cars in shorter periods of time . 
Also , the M_advancement in technology makes it possible for governments to be able to build more bridges and to maintain M_healthy roads to accomodate more cars . 
To sum up , Its like a supply and demand issue . 
With the M_advancement in science and technology , resulting in increase in supply , and the increasing number of poplulation , resulting in increase in demand , owning a car will be easy and effective . 
So , in Twenty years from now , there will be more cars in use than there are today .
It is controversial discussion tp define a positive cause of success in humans life . 
Some people believe succesesful people are only from their knowledge that was acquired in previous their life while others do believe that successful people are M_made M_up M_from an effort of trying new things and taking risks . 
Answer for this question varied from what he or her experienced and learned in his or her life , and for me , it is important that to define what is successful life by various aspects . 
In my case . 
I tried new things with risks as well as use my knowledge that I already had . 
When I was twenty years old , I skied at mountenious areas in my home country . 
Before going ski , I learned and practiced what is ski , and the practicable way for improvement my skills of skiing . 
I read some books of skiing , watching videos , consulted with my senior friend who is good at skiing . 
After arrival of mountain , I realized that the knowledge that acquired before come to skiing is useful . 
A book stated that mannar in the communication of skiers , and I communicated with that approriate mannar so that other players M_warmly welcomed me for a part of whole skiers . 
However , stayed areas several days , I felt to needy of more practice of skiing , and there were no one could teach me how to improve . 
I already finished studying that I practiced before skiing . 
I finally decided to imitate an action of other matured players . 
That decision is a trial for me because I never practiced before at that way . 
My decision eventually well worked my skills of skiing . 
I was satisfied from both knowledge and trying new things . 
It seems both ways are equally M_valued , though in fact it is not same M_value for me . 
While turned out reaults from both experiences are same , the method and the time that brings a result is not same . 
Trial depended method for M_reaching success does not care about how long that the process M_consume a time , even sometimes trial method M_requires a longer time . 
I beleive the time has ultimate M_value in my life . 
If boths way can give me a M_primises of successful life , I choose the success is M_based on time M_saved method . 
Therefore , I prefer to knowledge since knowledge M_save a time than the trying and taking risks actions do .
Nowadays , young people and organizations are expected to M_support the communities in which liveare located in . 
With life M_complexities and M_growing responsibilities , young people may not M_have sufficient time to help their communities . 
While this may be true for some individuals , there is an increasing number of young people M_devoting their time to help their communities and other communities which need M_support . 
I have observed young students M_sacrificing their summer holidays to help build houses and volunteer in poor African communities . 
Yet have also observed other young people self involved in their day to day life not helping their community either because they do not care or they simply do not M_have the time as they have other priorities play with their friends , go to camp , etc .. 
The M_broader issue is around education and what young people are being taught in the classroom and at home . 
Many homes do not M_lead M_by M_example or M_embed the sence of community or sharing in the education of their children . 
Hence young people not M_devotng any time in their communities . 
There are indeed some young people who M_support their communities , however the M_support is not sufficient with the M_growing world problems we are seeing nowadays . 
I therefore agree with the statement as not sufficient M_support is available . 
Young people with energy can M_provide a lot of help to their communities by M_allocating very little time of their day . 
For example , teaching a child of the community how to read or write , helping an old person with tasks they are not capable of doing , M_support in the building of a new school or hospital , etc . 
Many people associate help with spending money , while that may sometimes be the case , helping ones community with ones personal time could be equally M_rewarding . 
Helping ones community does not always have to be financial . 
While in many cisrcustances , funding is an issue , many organization are not available to help fund communities in need , what is lacking is the human helping M_hand . 
M_Seeing poverty in Africa and developing counties is an M_eye M_opener . 
The number and size of the problems in the lives of these communities are M_horrifying and required help is not quantneeded in the world . 
There will always be more problems in this continent than helping M_hand , however , we can start by increasing the help to our communities and do the best we can to improve the lives of the communities we live in .
How many times did we buy a product after been delighted by its amazing beauty or features and then , we found out that it was really useless , with our great disappointment ? 
As a matter of fact advertising does nt show the customer the M_downsides of its product or service , but emphasizes the essential advantages that it can M_bring into our lifes . 
If we go M_deeper into the topic , analyzing how people develop commercials and advertisements , we can identify why this can happen . 
First it s analyzed the ideal customer and , according to himher tastes and preferences , some characteristics , or even emotions , are M_underlined in the advertisements . 
Furthermore some tecnical devices are used to create the sensation of wealth in the consumer , for instance using the image of a creamy yoghurt , surrounded by fresh fruits and pieces of chocolate , even if , in the reality - practically making the commercials - the yoghurt is just a white-coloured cream , so creamy that it s impossible to recreate into reality . 
In addition the advertisements can use the technique of the association to something else , even something that is completely different but that must share the same feeling of the advertized product . 
For example Gillette , a famous brand of razors , made an advertisement for its product placing , on a page of a magazine , the shape of the razor , close to a Ferrari , a sportif and expensive car . 
The two shapes had the same bright colors in order to M_underline their hypothetical similarity regarding the M_strong sensations they could M_offer towards the consumer . 
All this arguments are presented in order to emphasize some features that we feel , watching adverisements , and make products much better than they really are .
Yes i do agree with the statment that says Young people enjoy life more than older people do basid on the follwing facts : Young people M_have no responsipelties such as the older people All they have to do is going to schools and enjoy the rest of the day playing or M_spending their time in deferent actevity , we have to admit that the time has changed dramaticlly , at our current time all the facility M_avalible for yong people but those who lived in the past M_have very lettel chances as there were no such faciliteis like what happning at this days . 
Old people have when they got to this aeg they need to enjoy the rest of their days and spend what they have saved all the past years , it is their time now spicially when beleves that they have done their jobs and it s somebody eals times . 
The young people are still young for any responseblities at this M_stage and they sould live the chaildhood in a very good enviroment . 
I beleve that the parents are willing to do anything to their kids that they could nt do during their chaildhood , in addition to this it seames that everything are M_availible for young people this days not like the old days . 
The parents at this days are keening to M_grant their kids the best aportunity to M_grant them the best chances of raising them and put them in the best schools , comodations , and the stand of living . 
I also agree that the parents would do the best for their kids not only this but the official organaizitions around the world are protecting the childhood and mon
Yes , I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take rather than doing what they already know how to do well . 
Life is M_rapidly M_moving , every thing is changing , life M_tomorrow will definitely be different from today , the M_wheel of technology is M_accelerating , communications have M_overtaken the M_stars , industrialization has progressed and every aspect of life is developing faster than anyone thought to be . 
Accordingly , our world needs a person who can or even who must M_meet the M_demands M_imposed by it and M_keep M_up with the frequent changes taking place . 
A peson has to try new things and experiences , they can not M_sit aimlessly and say what I have acquired is enough for me . 
Suppose a physician that completed his studty in 1980s . 
Imagine he has not M_kept M_up with the development of medicine and medication since then . 
I believe that his patients will not recover as quickly as if they were cured by a doctor who always M_runs M_after new inventions and discoveries . 
Imagine also an engineer who M_confines himself in what he had received at school or university . 
How should he design a new design that M_reflects today . 
I doubt he will be able to do so . 
How can an athlete be successful unless he or she takes risks . 
How can we find people like Schumacher , Mohammad Ali , Michael jorddan and so on whose contributions in life are great and without their risk taking life would be M_tasteless . 
Life must M_go M_on and M_go M_forward , the M_wheel of progress must M_run all the time , we need more and more people who M_open M_the M_door M_wider M_into new experiences and new adventures , hence new life that is completely different from those whose life is always M_full of monotony .
I do not think traveling in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel . 
There are some reasons I do not prefer . 
First , tour will M_limit us where to go . 
Although it will be much cheaper than going alone the tour might not be as what you have thought . 
You might want to see around other places but since it is moving with group , you will not able to go by only your feelings . 
Secondly , the tour guide will decide the time they are looking , so you are not able to see it as long as you want . 
Different from traveling by yourself , a tour wants to go many place as possible to have more customers . 
So they are not able to M_take enough time to see each place because they have to go next M_on time . 
This might be OK for some people , but others might think they are not satisfied . 
Thirdly , there will be many other people that you do not know each other . 
This will make you feel tired and no privercy . 
It will make you feel tired by It is not only by yourself , so you have to make rules to have the trip M_smooth . 
But for any reason you are going to the trip , I think they want to get away from every day life . 
So this will not let you feel freely if you have to make rules . 
From these reasons , I prefer traveling by ourselves might be the best way to travel . 
Traveling by ourselves might cost higher , but you are able to plan the trip freely as you think and do what ever you want to make it satisfied . 
I am sure this kind of trip will be greater than going in a group led by a tour guide .
In the past in each scholl or university there was not specific subject , but the students had a knowledge of many subjects . 
Today the number of course at university are increase because they would people specialized in one specific subject . 
In my opinion is better to have , in the first year of study , M_broad knowledge of generic materials , than specialized in one specific subject . 
In this method students are M_increasing their culture in their material very rapidly with very M_strenght ideas . 
Another point of this system , are that could incresing new post of work and new type of work . 
To complete my opinion , I agree to M_spend part of study for stage , it is more important because it is between study and work . 
In summary today students can specialised in one specific subject , but the M_world of work remain M_too M_far , during this specialisation .
Universities have considerably different educational systems . 
Some M_focus on M_providing students with theorical concepts and ideas , while other opted for practical learning methods . 
Both of these methods have advantages and I personally think that if a perfect educational system could exist then it should combine them . 
Theorical concepts are necessary for students . 
Indeed , they should help them to understand , model and simulate phenomena . 
No doubt they may complicated and perhaps boring to study , but students should M_pay attention to them and check wether they get them correctly or not . 
Nevertheless , practical activities are also required in teaching activities . 
In fact , they can help students to understand theorical concepts . 
Students will more likely understand a phenomena by a short experiment rather than by a long and perhaps boring lecture . 
They would understand it even better indeed . 
Moreover students are generally more motivated to learn this way . 
In addition students understand better when they do thing by themselves through practical projects and so on . 
In other words , they understand better what they discovered themselves than what they had been taught by others . 
In my school , I had both theorical teachings and practical teaching , and from my experiece I can say that combining these two methods in the right way is very M_fruitful for the students . 
For example , I have had in two industrial internship . 
From these experiences I learned a lot which I certainly could not have learned otherwise . 
I learned about how thing work in a company , how workers behave to each other and
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . 
People learn things from thier own mistakes , in order to be successful , we have to M_face new M_obstacles and M_overcome them rather than just doing what we know and not gaining anything . 
First of all , all advertising companys create new product and see how we react to it even though they might loose some money for producing it . 
By knowing how humans react , they can get better sense of how the product works for us . 
They might need to improve more on the product , or they are really helpful and we might need them . 
By creating the new product , they get idea of how it works for us . 
In addition , computers and all mechanical things are M_part of our life . 
We need them in our everyday life . 
It needed lots of patience to create computers and telephones to make them really convenient . 
People tried new things that work the best for us and computers are now big M_part of our society . 
Humans can not live without them , it is a source of M_connecting this world into smaller places . 
Lastly , Martin Luther King Jr . 
M_fought for equall right , he believed that all men are created equall . 
We can now live safely and peacefully because of his action . 
His speech M_moved lots of people , gave opportunity for others to M_fight for their own rights . 
He no longer exists but he is known for one of the successor in our life . 
It takes lots of risk and courage to try new things but that is how people learn things , starts to know importance of taking risk . 
For instance , learning foreign language will be challenging for sure but M_pains we experience will M_turn M_into courage and we learn to be more confident and successful . 
We each should try new things and prepare for some risks in order to M_grow ourselves as a person .
I do not agree nor disagree with the statement . 
Traveling with a group led by a toure guide is intresting , the tour guied will stat information about the place we are visiting , so we can M_get knowledge on the place . 
Also he is an expert with the famous places which M_attract visitores from different countries , so we can denifit from his expierience . 
Furthermoe , we will guarantee that we did not M_miss anyplace with in the tour . 
The beautiful part in traveling with group is we can M_share information about different cltuers from people all over the world . 
i like to learn about cultures it is very intresting to find that some beleives that are forbbiden in some cultures are allowed in others , therefore when people visit other countries will knoe how to react with some people . 
For example certain words are allowed to be used in me country but not allowed in other contries , so when I visit that other country I would say a wored that would cause a big trouble for me On the other hand , when traveling in a group the individuals will be M_tied M_up with the group , sometimes we need to M_spend some family time to explore the country weare visiting and try some restaurants , M_spend more time in a musiem and buy some sevoniers . 
In my opinion I will try both traveling ina group led by a tour guide or travel alon with my family , because each one of them has its own experience and adventure that we can M_keep wonderfull memorise in our mindes , i would like in some day to visit all the lovley places that i heard from people . 
Each individual has a different M_point M_of M_view , and every person will make the right selection for themselves to enjoy what they can to make good times las
Transportation and Crowded There is a huge number of cars and truks nowdays . 
Big number of thim are for transportation . 
Is that huge number going to be reduced or increased in future ? 
That is very important quistion to ask ourselves and think M_deeply on this important issue . 
My own opinion is the number of cars are going to increase repidly . 
There are alot of ways to go and back in or out cities because there are more and more ways of transportation are M_discoverd . 
Cars are the first modern kind of way we use for long time . 
Now , we have another useful transportation as trains , buses and taxies . 
For example , we dont have these other kinds of transportations in Saudi Arabia , and we are M_suffuring from the crowded evry single day . 
Other factor helps in decreasing number of cars used evry day is cars prices . 
It is increasing day than the other . 
It could cost you an M_arm M_and M_leg to buy a car these days . 
Cars maker are M_chalinging each other not only in the quality , but also in the price . 
Also oil prices are increasing and not M_steady . 
It is cheaper to go by train evry day to your work than taking your own car . 
Another aspicte on oil is that it may M_vanish some day sudinly with out M_wrning . 
That would cause a M_disaster . 
W
From my perspective , in twenty years time there will be fewer cars circulating above all in big cities . 
There are a lot of reasons that make me argue it . 
First of all cities are trying to improve more and more public transports : there are always projects for new and faster metropolitan lines which can link different city zones in a real short time . 
Moreover , pollution is becoming a problem even more dangerous for the health of everybody and all the diseases caused by pollution are making people aware of the necessity of an alternative to the use of the car and of other polluting private transports like motorcycles . 
Furthermore , having a car is always more and more expensive : taxation and insurance costs are also very high . 
Beside the cost of oil is always M_growing and if you add the costs of the parking in central zones you can guess why always more people prefer public transports more than their own car . 
Lastly also public transports like highspeed trains are being developed and I think that in a twenty years time all the major city of Europe will be M_reachable in a very short time , making useless the car also fo long journeys . 
However , problems remains in little cities where car is necessary in winter or in rainy day . 
But here also car are becoming less and less popular . 
Educational programs in primary school teach the children to prefer to go to school with bicicle or with the schoolbus instead of with their parents and their own car and are M_spreading a ecological M_conscience in new generations . 
As a conclusion , I believe that owning a car could be always useful , but the ecological awareness will make people use their car less .
I sincerly can t say if I totally agree or disagree with this statement and I ll try to explain why . 
Ideas and concepts are the M_base for a theory or a sociological movement , but if you don t remember facts , date and names to expose in a discussion , how can you explain or make other people s ideas changing ? 
In this statement there s the same topic of difference between theory and experience . 
I am an Engeneer , so I studied a lot of theory and was very important for me to understand concepts before learning facts . 
But as I saw in my life everything must M_pass M_thru practice to really understand the value and the importance of lots of theories studied in the past . 
Just think about Newton s discovery of gravity . 
If I should explain people how do work all the M_forces interested in that phenomenon it would take much more time than making an experiment of an object maybe an apple ! 
falling down to the ground . 
Surely now that I ve practiced the theory I can better understand all the concepts M_behind the main idea . 
This scientific method I think it can be applied to every field of culture and maybe to lifestyles . 
I can bring another simple example of what I mean about the difficult to agree or disagree with that statement and the differences between learning facts and understanding concepts . 
In history there was a lot of important facts and if we don t try to study and understand the psychology M_behind some characters of an event , we can t surely have an our own opinion about it : so we see that are important the ideas . 
But if we don t care about the timeline in which the facts happened we risk to M_lose the most important informations of when , where they happened ! 
Just think about the Wars . 
Are important thearies , ideals , and strategies as well as the dates in which the wars started and ended .
I believe that people who are successful try a lot of new things even though they have high risks for the following reasons ; changeing time , improve themselves , and enjoying themselves . 
First of all , time must be changeing . 
Our life style are changeing with time change . 
For example , people who lived in sexteen century did not use cars . 
Their transportation was horse , caws , and so on . 
However , now , we can not live without cars , especially in the United States . 
A person , who made car at first , may be successful , and made us more convinience to live . 
One idea can change our life . 
Second , when we are trying a new things , we can learn how to M_endure without conciousness . 
When we learn new things , we need a lot of knowledge , infortmation , and results of tests . 
It will M_take a long time . 
I respect to Mendel , who identified the existance of DNA in 19th century . 
He tried mating peas again and again . 
Finally , trying new things make ourselves happy . 
In my opinion , people who do not have curiocity are like M_old-men . 
For example , I am very interested in Science , especially Biochemistry . 
When I study it , I am excited and I enjoy studying it . 
When I get good score on tests , I am very glad to study it hard . 
In addition , I can understand what happened I , environment , and earth thorough the science aknowledgements . 
In my childhood , I was not interested in Science ; however , after I came the United States , I took chemistry class , my mind was M_opened . 
I felt that I could do anything I want to do . 
Therefore , I can enjoy my life , now . 
In conclusion , I think people do not have to worry about risks of trying new things . 
Trying new things will make them more optimistic and M_give a lot of confidence to them .
In twenty years from now there would be nothing but cars everywhere and i definitly dont think there would be any way to pretend that there will be fewer . 
People need cars and vehicles all the time , they need to go to work , they need to M_pick they kids from school , they need to buy a second as a birthday gift for their wives , they need to race , they need to brag about new generations of exepensive cars , so that means that nowadays , cars are as much important as water and food and as the population of the world is increasing , we going to need more cars because there will be more people . 
But lets get real practical about it , why there would never be fewers in 20 twenty years ? 
The answer is easy , but the consequance is going to be really M_devastating . 
Lets see , we have a rich family that owns more than two cars , and as many kids they are having it is new car coming with it , not because they really need it , but just for the lexure of it , the bragging and boating that comes among they social classes when they start talking about how many cars they have and what kind of cars it is . 
That is just for one . 
On the Second , there is the econimical cars generations , that is the main reason would be nothing but more and more cars every single year m if not saying every single day . 
These kind of cars are not really expensive , better yet , they are not expensive at all , that is what allows everyone , middle class , upper class , some poor folks to get a car for a cheap amount of money and with all the help that the banks give people to buy anything , we are going to see more cars in the upcoming twenty years , and i bet that is M_willing to M_reach a number that would even M_go M_beyond the human being population over earth because if we just try and analyze it , we are going to find out that every single man has more than one car and that is actually M_ruining everything , M_ruining the cities , M_ruining the environment , M_ruin the economy of some countries and most of all M_ruining the world and the nature .
If we talking about advertisements of goodsproducts the first thing to do is to Know what the producer or the seller wants to M_reach . 
He wants to sell his products , and he will do everything to M_reach his porpouse . 
Advertisement is one of method say to the customers Here I m ... 
and this is my product . 
Who sell products using advertisement trying to show its own product much better than they really are . 
Doing that , They , the seller , try to M_attract the consumer , showing the best M_side of the products . 
In particular trhere are two elementse most important than the other used in an advetisement : price and quality of goods . 
Who work in the advertising field Know how to advertisement a product . 
For example using comparative advertisement method : say to the costumers that theyr products are different by the others . 
Another method is to say to the consumer that hisher life is not M_complete without this or that or surely will be better . 
My opinion is that advertisements is based on knowledgement of social and human science . 
That is , Knowing what the major part of persons will think looking a good in a particular light or a particular color can be M_obtain his goal . 
We know human want what they immagine or wish . 
If the seller is able to advertisement his product in the way that the consumer want is M_target is M_reached . 
May be before to buy something , it will be better if everybody ask to ourself is what I m going to buy is like I see in the real and not what it seems in my mind . 
I that my opinion !
I think that this statement is true , but not completely . 
I think it s true that successful people try new things only doing what they already know how to do well . 
In fact i think that a lot of people who had successful are nt so different from other people , for exemple they have the same intelligence or possibility that a normal person , but they had successfful becouse they M_put all their energy M_in their work or , generally , M_in all things that they do . 
I can think about a lot of exemples who can be industrial men , writers , teachers and opinionists . 
But without tinking about great man , i can also think about myself experience in my life . 
All the time that i have done a work in summer , i have seen people who worked very hard having success and improving their situatio at work . 
I disagree with the statement becouse i think that s not complete . 
In fact i think that in the history there are a few people who began successfull becouse they were special and quite different from ather people . 
I can remember for exemplesMarx , who probably was the best thinker in the story , and he created a completely new teory about economy and social problem . 
I can think about Leonardo da Vinci , Newton and many nobel s prizes and i think that it is not possible that they are similar than me and that there is a little number of man who can do great thing that noone can do . 
I think they are special . 
Concluding i think that there are situations where it is nt important how do you work hard and where is more important if you know someone who can help you or who can permit to you having a job or success . 
And it s for that that i have a little fear for my feature in work and in all that i will do .
Yes , I agree with the statement repsreesnted by this short phrase . 
This statement cites two important aspects of the learning M_phase that a student M_faces when studying : first of all memorizing facts , and last but not latter , M_extract from facts the concepts and the ideas M_behind them . 
Both are important in the learnig process , that can not be accomplished M_fully withount each of them : they are like M_two M_sides M_of M_the M_same M_coin . 
Although that , one of them is more imprtant than the other . 
The statement means that students must not stop working and thinking when they have M_acquired the information presented by books or lectures , but they must M_go M_over , and M_gain a M_deeper comprehension on what they have memorized . 
I think that , when we start learning something new , its useful to begin from facts , that may be easy to remember and useful for M_fixing important data . 
So , we M_gain a fist M_impression , or a whole M_image of the topic , useful for further analysis . 
Next , we must M_go M_on , because learning is nt only that : the student must M_pay attention on the concept M_behind the facts and data he has learned . 
That data give us a M_background that must be used for M_building a M_deeper knowledge , that require each of us a harder personal work . 
Only in that way we can M_obtain a more abstract idea of the field of human knowledge he is studing , and M_obtain a general M_view on the topic , M_broader than the one M_depicted by the facts he M_meet in the beginning . 
Attendig a reading in a class , adn interact with professors and other students can stimulate thi process , and I think that after this work has been ruled out , it becames easier to remember the concepts : M_basing our knowledge only M_on facts , readings , and so on that where memorized can be an error , because in the long term our memory might not be good as in youth , and the hard work we have done can became
Everyone in this life like to be a successful person , but it is not easy to be a successful . 
To be a successful persons you should have many charicristic that it could help you . 
And I agree that the person who wants to be successed he should be a risky perosn and should not be worried about some easy thing that could be solved . 
I agree with this for reasons . 
firstly , if the persons M_stood and wiaited for people to do every thing for him , he would not be a successful persons . 
There are alot of people who are like that , I will give an example of many people that I can see them in my daily life . 
The example is that one of my best friend who wants to be a successful Medical Doctor , he is eightteen years old and he has only one promblem that is M_facing him and this problem is haveing a good grade in TOEFL to be accepet in the university , even this is his only problem , he is not working and practicing to have the wanted grade . 
The second reasons that make me agree with this statement is the richest man in the world , the microsoft owner . 
He M_put an imposible goal that could be M_reached . 
He M_put a risky goal to work on it , 30 years ago the M_put . 
His goal was to make every house in the world haveing a computer , and he successed in his goal . 
How did he success ? 
It was not an easy goal , he start his M_dream with his friend by having a small company that make a computer softwear . 
He was thinking what is the helpful computer programms that could the humanity to be better . 
And he could to M_reach his goal to have a computer in every house in the world , beacuse of it is great programms , like the internet explorer that make the M_conection between all the people in the world very easy and make them feeling that the world is a M_small M_village .
Travelling is one of most exciting things to do on a holiday . 
When I have the time , I like to travell alot . 
I have visited India , Egipt , and Morocco . 
There are some difficulties that you might incounter during a vacation . 
For that reasoun i think that its best to be in a group or to have a toure guide . 
First , you may have difficulties finding the right place that you want to be in . 
For example , you might want to visit a cetain mall or a mounten but you can not find where it is . 
More often , you may get lost in the M_new country . 
A toure guide will organize your trip and make your vacation more enjoyable . 
Second , you may have difficulties with a forigne language or culture . 
For example , a cetain sign in one culture may be offinsive in an other culture . 
Also , a certain word in one culture maybe offinsive in an other . 
Having a torue guide will avoid you thies proplems and will help you with the language and the culture . 
Third , you maybe defraud by other people in a M_new country or someone may steal your things . 
For example , I went two years ago to Morocco . 
While i was there someone tried to steal my bag and passport . 
Luckly he failed to do so . 
Beeing in a group and having a toure guide will be most benefical in that case . 
The toure guide will avoid places where you might get hurt in , Also , will make sure that you stay in the most comfetable places . 
In conclusion , i think that having a tour guide is very important . 
First , a toure guide will help to go wherever you want in the most M_comfetable ways . 
Second , a tour guide will help you M_deal with the M_new culture and language . 
Third , a tour guide will keep you save in any case .
There is a growth in population . 
Year by year , the estimated number of people on earth is M_multiplying . 
With this pupluation M_outburst , more cars will have to be present to M_meet the needs of the people . 
Also , people are getting lazier each year and they will need a form of transportation to move them around . 
For those reasons , I think that in twenty years there will be many more cars in use than there are today . 
It has been mentioned in more than one official estimate that there is an uncontrollable population growth in the world . 
In under-developed countries such as the South Asian countries , for example India and Pakistan , a normal family consists of six to eight children . 
In gulf countries such as Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Qatar or Bahrain , a family is considered big only if the number of children exceeds six . 
Now multiply those number with the numbers of families in each country and calculate how many people will be present in the world in twenty years . 
Imagine how life would be if fewer cars were used . 
How will people move from one location to another ? 
Some argue that there are laws these days preventing families from having too many babies . 
For instance , the Chinese law that states that no family should have more than one child . 
Even with those laws , one can not stop the rapid growth in population . 
Another arguement proposed is that women these days are choosing not to marry for they have more job opportunities and can live independantly . 
New estimates show that the number of women is larger the number of men so even if 25 of the women in the world decide not to marry , there will still be 75 who are willing to M_settle down with a husband and have as many children as he wants . 
Population growth will continue to be a problem and more cars will have to be produces to satisfy the people . 
Unfortunately , each generation produced is lazier than the generation before it . 
By the time we M_reach the year 2026 keeping in mind that the year now is 2006 , the M_level of laziness will M_reach its M_peak . 
This is really sad but it is a fact that we must leard to deal with . 
People at that time in the future would nt want to move around on foot , or bicycles or any other form of transportation that would tire them . 
The only way to solve this problem is by having more cars to satisfy the needs of the generation will come . 
As my mother would always say , What a lazy generation ! 
If that is what she keeps on saying about the present generation , imagine how it would be twenty years from now . 
It has been said that because of the population growth , there must be fewer cars . 
Imagine life with so many cars ! 
Pollution will certainly be a problem , the streets will be much more crowded and people will have problems M_reaching their destinations in time for important meetings or deadlines . 
As much as I am aware of this problem we have to M_shine M_light on another important point . 
Men are very lazy . 
They would nt want to walk to M_reach their goal or ride the bike . 
Unless a new method for transportation is invented that will not tire out the new generation , more cars will have to be present by that time . 
Population growths and the laziness of new generations are two main factors that will increase the number of cars that will M_roam the streets in the future . 
I am fully aware of the problems that will occur because of this but one can not live in denial all of his life . 
We need more cars . 
How else are we going to move around ? 
Unless a new solution is proposed for transporting M_comfortably from one place to another , cars will continue to M_multiply in number as people do .
when we talk about successful people the first thing comes M_into my mind are scientists , inventors , person who is a pioneer in his speciality , and many other examples , and as we can see the common factor between all of them is that they all started new things and ofcourse took great risks to do them . 
so I totally agree that successful people do try new things rather than doing what they already know how to do well , although some may be successful by doing this but in my opinion they are not as successful as the pioneered ones or even M_close to them . 
there are many factors that I thing results in making those people more successful than others , for example , when they start something new , they have very minimal or almost no competitors in the feild they are trying to do somthing in , even if there are competitors they still trying as they do . 
another issue is that when somebody is inventing something new for example he will have the opportunity to be a M_legend for the whole world because simply if he succeed everybody after will M_follow , use or adapt his invention and he may be remembered for this for centuries even after he die and this is a great success . 
another issue is that make me feel that they are more successful is the amount of work they do , they try harder and harder to come up eith new ideas and this required great efforts and cause high appreciation of there work un like the lower amount of work needed by already known things even though there are risks for them not to succeed , because it is not something anybody have ever tried to do or even thought about , i thinkl that you will do nothing new if you did not do risk . 
so with all appreciation to those who are doing already known things i do think that those who try new intresting things and take that risks are the real successfull people .
Some people believes that in twenty years there will be a limit in the use of private transportation will be limited . 
I agree with this openion . 
There are some reasons that M_suport this point of view . 
First of all , there is an increasment in growing rate of human new generations . 
this would propbably let the govronment of the societies to limit the ability for people to use their own personal cars in the future . 
This one of the decession which might be taken by the society in the future as a solution to the predicted setuation of the future living . 
We all know that these cars consums energy to M_work . 
for today s situation , the cars are using gas as a main sourse of energy to M_work , so the using of this kind of transportation is controled by the avaliable amount of this energy sourse . 
If the word is going to face the limitation of this sourses of energy , there will be some new decesions to control the consuming of gas on the trasportation . 
Limiting the use of this kind of private transportation can help alot in mentaining a good M_balance in the usage of such energy sourses . 
The population will be asked to use the public transportaion such as buses and traind . 
Another benefit of this decesion will help alot in reducing the traffic problems and the crowded streets . 
In some huge cities , the work places are M_spreaded every where . 
Second thing there are mostly sopping malls and supermarkets every where . 
If the future cities will be like that there will be no longer need for personal transportation because the places are nearby and the using of cars and personal cars will be M_worthless smld
When I was living in the United States , there was a short period of time , about a week or so , when I did nt have a car . 
To go to a supermarket , I had to walk for an hour , and imagine how bad it was to come home with four 5kg-plastic bags in both hands . 
I definitely needed a car in order to M_survive there . 
Considering that cars are currently one of the major transportation M_tools among people in developed countries , I disagree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today because twenty years is just not enough time . 
To replace the existence of cars with other means of transportation would M_take more than twenty years to accomplish . 
It is said that the gas emitted by cars has a tremendously bad effect on the environment , a problem called global warming , and that countries are working to decrease the number of cars in use . 
However , in order to accomplish this goal , there needs to be other ways people can transport , such as trains and metro . 
It would be hard for any city governments to come up with a plan and to put that into action in twenty years . 
Another thing that would be hard to change in twenty years is people s habits . 
When you have been using a car , for example , to drive to school everyday , you will find it hard to change the way you commute to other means , such as the train . 
It is hard for someone to make a change in their lifestyles , and he or she would need a definite reason for doing so . 
If the city made a law prohibiting the use of a car , this would sure M_drive the person to quit driving the car , but making that law in use would take more than twenty years . 
Passing a law requires a lot of time . 
Imagine the M_voices that would come about from the people when a plan to make this law arises . 
Even if it does nt take a law to try to change people s awareness , I can not come up with another option . 
For the reasons I mentioned above , I believe it is impossible to decrease the number of cars in use than there are today in twenty years . 
To do so , there needs to be other ways people can tranport , which they could feel comfortable and convenient as cars . 
Of course , there are places around the world , for example Tokyo , where subways have been well developed and people do nt need cars to get around . 
However , from the experience I had in the United States , I would have to say that people there would nt like that .
This question perfectly M_fits with my personal experience , in fact I had to M_face to this important question during my career as a student before and a worker after . 
At university I have studied political science , a faculty which gave me a M_wide knowledge other different subjects , such as politic , history , economy , languages , sociology , philosophy , mathematic , law , etc . 
During the period of my studies I have found them really usefull and not boring at all , because I could study different issues at the same time , making university a vary and always new method of learning . 
The same day I had lessons of private law , mathematic and sociology , and this variety of subjects avoided the M_risk of getting tired of studing always the same thing . 
Then I graduated , and I had to M_face the incredible M_world of job . 
And only at this point I have found out that all what I had studied at university gave me on one side a M_wide range of knowledges , but on the other a lack in the specific knowledge of one main subject . 
In all this , which knowledge is better ? 
The M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects or the specialization in one specific subject ? 
I still have to find myself the right answer , so that I have to arrange this lack giving a compromising answer : it s better to have a specialized knowledge in one subject which we like and on which we can M_focus our job and career , but we should M_optimize this specialization by M_widening as much as possible our basic knowledge of different subjects . 
Another important factor concerns our goals : if our goal is to find a good and well retributed job , so we have to specialize in one subject because this is what is more needed and asked in the job s M_world . 
Nowadays there are more graduated with a good M_wide knoledge than graduated with a good specialization in one field of studies . 
On the other hand , if our goal is to have a general knowledge other different aspects which may help to understand one single M_sector of our life , such as for istance political science , we have to M_spend years other different academic subjects , studying a M_bit of everything .
The statment is really general and I disagree with that . 
I think the category of young people should be M_divided in different groups . 
Surely the first M_division should be of two big groups : teens and young people from 20 to 26 . 
Teens should go on studying becouse , as we now , their help to their communitie will be bigger if they can do some usefull work . 
But at the same time I think , in that period , a teen must M_hold a part of the day for his couriosity . 
People from 20 to 26 , that is the category in which I am , could yet be a worker on could still be a student . 
And I think in both of the situations they are helping their communitie . 
Obviously there could be some exceptions of people that , for different reasons , do nt M_found their own M_way . 
But they are exeptions . 
Than , In Italy , we can decide to M_give social services to society , also stopping to study for a year , and work in hospitals or old people s houses or something similar . 
But I always think the better way to help your communities it is to M_find your own M_position as worker M_inside M_the M_system . 
And to do that young people must do what they do . 
What sould they be supposed to do more ? 
I really would like to understand becouse I read statements like this from when I was child . 
I think that the past world wars did M_private young people of their youth . 
And I think that s not right . 
So when I realize that I m living in a really M_beatiful M_time and in a really M_comfortable place I think that is a must of mine going on to study , improve my work and enjoy my self . 
And when I do all of this things I think I m helping my communitie .
I ultimately agree with the fact that it is better to be specialized on a specific subject than to M_spread energy on different subjects . 
However I say ultimately , because being and staying M_focused on one subject means always to M_discard other subjects . 
I found the M_focus necessary and very important at a certain M_late M_stage of the personal working career or academic career . 
The reason behind his you M_build M_up some M_Spikes of knowledge M_on a M_broad knowledge M_platform . 
These M_sharp M_spikes of knowledge will allow you to promote yourself and to M_pull with you the society M_forward . 
Having said that a M_deep knowledge of one subject can only be based on the M_focus on a certain subject and none us are born with a M_direction and with a goal ready to be accomplished from the day of birth . 
Instead we should find our M_path and our M_focus by ourself and to do that we need a M_broad range of knowledge . 
Think for example to the manager of a company who is very good financially , but it doesent know history , politics ... 
He will always take the best financial decision and at the same time will always have a M_strong opposition inside his team or industry , because as he does nt know the history and the culture of the people M_behind the business , he will never be able to respect them . 
Therefore I think in an M_early M_stage it is positive to M_broad our knowledge on different subjects like : history , languages , politics , arts , mathematics , Phisics , biology , economy ... 
However at a M_middle M_or M_later M_stage we should M_focus or M_refocus on the subjects we love more or on the subjects which will give us more satisfactions . 
As an example for this I can talk about myself . 
I have received an education on differents topics from latin to mathematics , I have study engineering and I got a doctorate degree in engineering , however one day I found out that my life was in business , therefore after 12 years working in sales marketing , I decide to M_build M_up my knoledge M_focused on business matters and to M_pursue an MBA study and I am sure that this will bring success to myself and to the people around me .
Many advertisements are in the world . 
There are advertisements which is daily goods . 
There are advertisements which is shoose , or bat for hobies . 
But , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
So I agree with this suggestion . 
Many people have a pearsonal computer , and use the inter net . 
Inter net have a lot of advertisements and we can buy goods on the inter net . 
When I was a high shool student , I was interested in buying on the inter net Because I entered a soccer team , I would like to a soccer shoose . 
So I bought a soccer shose on the inter ner , but this shoose was compleately difference at advertisement . 
In addition , this shoose s size is short at the advertisement . 
There are many advertisements about food on the TV . 
People think that they would be liked to eat this food by the advertisements . 
I would be also liked to eat by the advertisement . 
I ofren order pizza , but this pizza often different from advertisements . 
This size is not large such as picture , and food does not looks fresh . 
There are many advertisements about clothes on the paper . 
In Japan , Most of the advertisements is aobut clothes from big departmemt store . 
They often discount when closes will not different season . 
So , people go shopping to buy these clothes . 
I also go shopping to buy these clothes . 
But , I will not want to buy most clothes , when I go to the department shop , because many clothes is so defferent from advertisement . 
Therefore , I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
advertisement is so different
The world has changed drastically since the invention of cars . 
They have made life a lot easier than it used to be . 
And even though their usage has raised certain environmental concerns , it is my belief that the number of cars used by people will actually increase over the next twenty years . 
First of all , it is an established fact that the world population is increasing . 
More and more people are populating the earth , and many of those people will need to buy a car at a certain point in their life . 
For example , parents who have just had a new baby might in twenty years , or even sooner , make the decision to buy their son or daughter a car if they can afford it . 
In addition to that , the prices of cars are no longer as high as they used to be ; one can find cars that M_fit almost anyone s budget . 
Payment facilitations also play an important role , so that you can buy a car now and pay for it in monthly installments at competitive interest rates . 
And let us not ignore the fact that there are people in the world that have a lot of money to spare and like to M_follow the latest trends . 
So they tend to buy the latest Mercedes or BMW models , or even both ! 
To sum up , there are many factors that might M_lead to an increase in the number of cars available for use by people . 
Whether they are social factors having to do with the increasing number of people inhabiting this earth , or financial factors that have made it easier for midlle class citizens to buy their own cars . 
But the question remains , what effect will that have on our environment ? 
That should be our main concern .
Although it must be said that there are young people who do nt care about their community , I think that , in general , new generations are keen on helping their towns and do it in a variety of ways . 
There are many young boys and girls who M_spend a lot of their time working for the poor and the disadvantaged . 
For example , in my country there are several associations that recruit personnel to drive ambulances and one of my best friends , who has a very M_demanding and M_time-consuming job , works there without compensation at least once a week . 
Another friend of mine M_spends every Sunday serving meals to poor people in a church , and he often tells me that performing this service for the benefit of his community is very M_rewarding for him . 
But there are also other ways to help people ; skilled professionals can be of great help in certain areas . 
A classmate of mine , who graduated from a medical school , is now M_part of an association called Doctors without M_boundaries that M_sends doctors around the world to help poor communities in less M_developed countries . 
She was sent to Africa and provided medical assistance to many people . 
I think that a person like her is a M_clear M_sign that young people are willing to help the others and therefore can be M_relied M_upon to become M_active members of our communities . 
In fact , if a young doctor is willing to help people in a M_remote country , one can be sure that she will be much more keen on M_contributing to the well being of her community . 
As for myself , I try to get involved in pro bono activities , too . 
Since I am a lawyer , I was able to M_spend the past two years assisting poor clients who were involved in various kinds of litigations without charging them . 
So , the examples I see around me are , in my opinion , M_eloquent M_signs that younger generations are not less willing to help others in their communities than older ones .
When I was younger , I was not good at mathmatics . 
Then my parents recommended me to go to a place where I can study for math more . 
According to the experience in my past , I M_strong ly agree with the statement that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts for students . 
The reasons why I think so are understanding ideas and concepts helps to memorize easily and it makes me be ready to solve more complicatied problems . 
First of all , I can memorize the M_elements easier when I can understand ideas and concepts . 
understanding ideas and concepts means what I learn becomes my knowledge . 
For example , I went to a place to learn math when I was a child . 
Then my instructor taught me how a formula was made . 
Every formula has an original partern . 
So I just remember several M_basic formulas and then I can M_get different formulas by myself with the M_basic formulas . 
Usually teachers recommend students to memorize every single formula as if they are all facts we have to learn . 
However , my instructor showed a process how formulas are made . 
The behavior M_lead me to understand ideas and concepts of formula . 
Therefore , understanding makes the amount of momerizing . 
Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts M_gives me more M_flexible comprehension when I have a more complecated problem . 
For example , as math problems , there are different levels of problems . 
And for tough questions , sometimes I ca nt solve tough question with M_basic ideas . 
In that situation , it does nt work to learn facts because I need more creative and M_flexible solutions for the tough questions . 
At the time , as my instructor did for me , if I understand ideas and concepts of math , it will be much easier to creat new ways as solving the problems . 
As my conclusion , it is more importand and acutually more effective for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts because stuents are required more creative thoughts . 
Facts can not change anything because facts are already complete . 
That s why it is a fact . 
However , understanding is
Regarding the statement , successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , I agree with this idea . 
There are a couple of reasons . 
Doing only what they already know how to do well in the life could not make any creating thinking and ideas and could not M_reach any good chance to M_go M_up more M_higher status of their M_positoin or money and more exciting . 
The decision and carefull thinking and consideration for feasibility and risk taking analysis to do new things will be crucial . 
And people always age and grow overtime , then people must M_reflect something new M_into their life , otherwise they get bored and get easily tired of it , then get sometimes mentally problem . 
In my experience and background , my major was basically in litrature . 
And I was office assistant in a company at first instance after the college . 
Later , I challenged the new job position , Finance and Accounting M_aiming for US . 
CPA , then I M_broke M_through this change and my business and work completely changed . 
I took a risk if I could achieve the professional qualfication , such as US . 
CPA . 
Because I had no background of this major and enough experinece . 
I had to M_spend M_tones of time to study to pass it , simultaneously , I worked hard as a new position which I did not have enough experience . 
Then , my career development and good promotion happend after couple of years hard working and passing the exam . 
I believe that people sometimes should take a risk . 
In another my experience , I married with American man which means I had to immigrated into the U . 
S quiting my successful job in Japan leaving my life in Japan and family and friends . 
This decision and judgement were not easy if I should be able to be happy and successful in my life . 
However , I am currently happy in my new life knowing new things , new people , new country , new culture . 
I believe that these things will make me also M_grow that will lead also successful in the future . 
In conclusion , the life should sometimes be excited and M_explore new things rather than doing what they already know how to do well . 
Your life can be meaningful if you try to new things and take risks . 
By M_growing and aging , people need to M_grow knowing new things in their life which means you would have to take some smaller or bigger risks .
yes , I agree with this statement , it is more important to understand what you are studing in spite of understand few facts , but it is also true that usually fact improve your knowledge of ideas and concepts . 
I mean , if you want to understand an ideas you probably need an exemple , this exemple is the fact . 
I show you a situation in which facts are extremely releated to the knowledge of a concept : we are in a history classroom , the teacher of an elementery school told his student that the second world war was a very horrorfy event . 
The childrens understand the M_core of the statement , but they do nt know why it is so , or if they really do understand the thing . 
So the teacher shows some event that occured during the war , like hitler s policy , like olocaust , ecc ... 
now children has theirown opinion and can actually say that war is bad , because thay understood the concept , that is M_substained by an exemple , that means , by facts . 
IT can be also stated that learn facts M_over facts can not really help you , because if you do nt M_pay attenction to what you are saing you ll never be able to have a true opinion on some topic . 
You have to improve your knowledge by M_add ideas and concept , with an M_array of M_clear facts . 
Infact it can be inferred that facts are the M_basis of knowledge because they M_prepare your mind to a concept , only in this way you can M_add information . 
More over is true that understand ideas and concept is more useful for you than learn just facts , indeed facts can be learned with a mnemonic process , viceversa an idea have to M_grown M_up in you , it have to suggest you something . 
In conclusion maybe the statement should be it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts , M_supported by an M_array of facts that M_cleary explain the content of those ideas and concepts , so I actually can say that I agree the statement .
The provided topic states that young people enjoy life more than older people do . 
I disagree with the statement as it is my opinion that older people enjoy life more than young people . 
Nowadays , we live in a world that is economically M_driven and requires good planning and wise decision making . 
Due to their M_wide experiences in life , older people are able to plan wisely in order to enjoy their lives . 
For example , older people will plan their outings , vacations , activities , and events more effectively than young people . 
For a vaction , they plan where they wanted to go and what they wanted to see and how much the cost would be . 
This way they will enjoy all aspects of their vacation and not M_miss important events or sightings . 
Whilst , if they went on a vaction , younger people would not plan as well and eventually M_miss out a lot of important activities and sightings . 
Consequently , with their good planning , older people would only spend mony on what they wanted to see and enjoy . 
Whilst younger people would run out of money and usually regret some of the things they did not see in their vacation . 
In addition , older people would have more money to enjoy life with than younger people . 
Older people are more M_established in their careers and therfore more financially M_sound and actually save have saved their money to enjoy their lives at this M_stage . 
Whilst younger people may not have as much money to enjoy life with as some of them may be in school or not employed . 
Some of them may have not even thought of a career at this M_point in their lives . 
On the other hand , there are always exceptions as there are younger people who do plan well , are M_established in their careers , and are financially well off . 
But generally speaking , due to their life experiences , older people plan well , M_established in their fields , and are financially more M_sound than younger people .
I really enjoy to plan my trips by myself or with my girlfriend , it s a sort of pleasure for me to make researches on the web about all the details such as traveling , housing and main destinations , so most likely I disagree with the given stimulus . 
When you experience a tour organized by somebodyelse there are many things which are not under your personal control . 
Many important decision are often taken by the group and I do nt really like to vote on things when I travel , by contrary I like to M_spend time where it s more M_valuable accordingly to my M_taste and personal interest . 
In addition I think that a guided tour usually presents events which are designed for tourists . 
I still remember when I went to Thailand with my family in 1991 and the tour guide basically was always showing us cultural events and shows which were very M_far to be authentic expressions of the local habits . 
I prefer to M_manage my own time during the trips and do nt be bothered by any time M_constraints or scheduled appointments as usually happens with guided tour . 
Thus I really like the intimacy of a romantic trip with my girlfriend , so I will eventually consider other options when I ll be older .
I disagree with the following statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today as following reasons . 
First , Instead of cars , nothing will be improved and developed in twenty years . 
I can not find any special reason which there will be fewer car in use than there are today . 
In addition to cars , we use trains , planes and ship everywhere , however , cars are the most useful and convenient for people . 
For example , it is very easy to go from the house to the destinaion for children and disabled people especially . 
They do not need to walk to the station and airports . 
Second , there will be fewer population in twenty years . 
People have their own cars . 
If the population decrease drastically , the amount of the cars will decrease . 
However , it is said that Chinese and Indian population will increase drastically . 
It means they will have the chance to get their own cars in twenty years . 
For example , in Japan it will have the chance to increase many cars due to traffic circumstances . 
It is said that there will be 25 of old people living . 
I think they can not continue to use Japanese railway and subway . 
There are a lot of problems for them . 
First , there are not eleveters at the stations . 
It is impossilbe to use the station forever even if they are healthy . 
Second , there is a M_ruch hour , commuting time every day . 
It start at 9 oclock and finish at 5 oclock at Japanese companies . 
Even if you are young student and office workers , it is difficult to M_adjust to the curcumstances . 
In conclusion , I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I do nt think that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today by three reasons . 
Cars are M_expanded too much to M_cut M_off M_from our lives . 
As many people know , cars are very convinient and usefull machine . 
In Japan you can get a drivers lisence for no reasons except if your are older than 18 . 
Many people has a M_dream to drive a car especially if you are a male . 
So it is impossible to say that you can not use a car for daily life . 
In a several years , I think cars wo nt use a gasoline than now . 
It is true that cars are not good for environment . 
But many car companys are triing to make a new type of a car . 
For example , hybride car . 
In the future , there may be a car that moves only by a electricities and not by gasoline . 
This can prevent a M_green-house effect . 
So there will be any reasons for not useing a car . 
If you do nt use a car for transport , there should be a alternative transportation . 
Not useing a car means you have to use a different transportation to go somewhere . 
In Japan trains are very common , but it is not so common to use a trains in other countries as in Japan . 
For instante , America . 
These are my opnion for the statement .
Young people are the M_engine to M_build their communities . 
They were the most benificial M_class in the communities years ago . 
Some people believe that young people do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
First , the M_higher authority M_places is for elderly and more experienced persons in the community . 
This can M_limit young people s chances to help the community . 
Another reason is that their M_full time is only for studying and work to obtain their own income and benifits . 
Many people believe that young people nowadays M_give enough time to help their communities for several reasons . 
First of all , young adults M_have time to help people by their university projects and assignments . 
For example , they can emphasize their topics on their assignments on helping people . 
They can do projects to M_search people s problems and needs . 
Secondly , young adults M_have the enegy and health to utilize on helping people by visiting them at homes and determining their needs . 
Finally , young people M_give enough time as they have real motivation . 
Motivation can M_move them to help their communities as much as they can . 
I believe that young people nowadays have M_given enough time to help people . 
The more young people help their communities , the better achievements and improvements the communities have .
I disagree with that young people enjoy life more than older people do becasue the following reason . 
To enjoy life , first thing we have to realize is how M_precious our lives are . 
The life does not have to be a special one such as celebrities s or politician s . 
The normal life itself is already special enough . 
Without M_appriciate our lives we never really enjoy neither youth or life . 
However there are many young people who seem to M_loose their interest in thier lives . 
Even though they are many things from they can M_take M_advantages , such as education for all children , development of computer systems , easy M_access to all around the world , avalability of social supports and so on , they do not seem to be happy . 
They rather seem to take all M_advatages for granted or do not realize how lucky they are . 
One of the reasons why young people M_lost their will to live thier life more actively is that they are not able to M_picturelize how they would be in ten years later . 
Becasue of bad economy , political M_mess , untrustable politicians , strange teachers etc . 
it is not easy to M_keep their M_dreams and ambitions for children . 
Instead they learn the word That s life or That s the way it is with a feeling of giving up . 
So , those chirdlen grow up and become young adult who has no M_vision for the future . 
On the other hands , even though older people is M_loosing their physical abilities they still M_have will to live . 
Especially old people who M_have war-experience know how to M_appriciate what we M_have . 
Life becomes enjoyable as long as people M_appriciate it . 
If life is simply to M_consume time , it could be awful time for waitng the ending .
Even though joung people usually like enjoying themselves more than older people do , this is not necessarily true . 
For exemple , you could meet a really cool 60-years-old man that does everything M_in his M_power to have fun and make life M_worth of being lived , and a very boring 20-years-old boy who will never step out of his house except to go to school . 
On the other hand , iif it s true that joung people do enjoy life more , it could be because of the belief that one would better M_take M_advantage of its youth before it is too late . 
I do not totally agree with that statement , in fact I think that people should have the M_courage of enjoy their whole life , without M_wasting all their chances while they are just teenagers or waiting too long to start M_following their dreams . 
Talking about real facts and people , I could nominate as many teens as older people that are enjoying their lifes . 
Today s world offers chances to have fun to people of all ages : there are a lot of parks and resorts where a child can go and enjoy a few days and where its parents would have a great time too . 
Holiday resorts where my grandparents would love to M_spend a few week can be found almost anywhere , and of course there are a lot of structures that offer amusement to teens between 15 and 30 years old . 
So , if a person wants to enjoy its life , there is nothing M_keeping him from doing that . 
Nevertheless , we will always meet someone who is not wanting to do any of these . 
And if we really pay attention to it , we will find out that this kind of behavior is present in people of all ages , there in not a real average . 
If one wants to have fuun , he will do it , and if he does nt he will not . 
Maybe it s just another way of enjoying life , even though most people consider it boring and M_worthless .
Travelling in a group rather than alone is most of the time a difficult decision to take and it involves many personal and external factors : the place you intend to visit , your social preferences , your M_tolerance for being with other people for long lapses of time , the type of people that will come along for this long trip ... 
and many others . 
I do agree that traveling in a group led by a guide is a good experience in most circumstances . 
When I intend to visit a large city , an historical site or a country of which I do not speak the language , being led by an experienced guide and togheter with some traveling friends is essential for me . 
I have the opportunity to learn more about the culture of the city or the country that I am visiting , while discovering pleasures i .e . 
nice restaurants or nice locations that I probably could not find with my little written M_guide . 
For example , when I was in Montreal with my husband we M_dragged our friends to a not pricy and excellent : restaurant following directions of our useful little M_guide . 
Surely the food was good , but the not pricy part needed to be discussed and our friends offered to pay prior to seing the bill . 
In visiting historical places the role of a guide is even more important . 
Living in Venice for many years , I have always been impressed by the amount of information I did nt know about the local churches , and , despite being a local , I enjoyed to join guided groups while walking through the churches . 
Even when traveling in remote places , being in a M_protected group with a guide that is able to help you with the essential needs is wise . 
My aunt was in Mongolia for 3 weeks , living with nomades in a tent and drinking acidic milk with all her traveling companions , and , once back , she assured me that she would not repeat the same trip without a guide . 
Sometimes however traveling in a group may be frustrating . 
It requires M_conciliating needs and desires of different people , while M_tolerating organizational and traveling issues . 
Probably a good traveling social attitude is the best way to M_face any trip and to enjoy a good guided trip . 
And , as a last point , having a good guide makes all the difference !
In my opinion , I think that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour gide because of several reasons . 
First , some people feel more M_comfortable with the group because they not alone . 
second , many people likes to leding by a tour guide to show them the places and explain it to them , also the guide usually use the launguge that the people use it in the country that they traveling to , so that the travelers do not have a launguge problems during their trip . 
Finally , some people like to be organize and M_follow a schuale that they not responsible of it . 
People will feel M_comforatable when they travel with a group of other people that probably their first time to see these places too . 
I belive it will be more intertanments , and make anew frinds . 
Although , it will be many programs during the trip that will make it better than lonly trip . 
Many people likes to leding by a tour guide to showing them the places , as well to explain it . 
The tour guide always known the history of the places the the tour will visit it , so that , the tour get more information about the places that they visit , and learning anew stuff about that place . 
Culture , food , clothing , and traditions are the most important issue for the traveling , the tour guide who usually from that place , he is the best one who can explain all these stuff for the group . 
However , the guide usually knows the languge that uses in that place , as well the languge of the group , so the travelers do not have any problems that the may M_face from that issue . 
Finally , many people are organizing and they care too much about the time , so that the like to be a M_part of a group to organize everything for them . 
Inaddition , traveling is very good thing to learn more about how the other people live .
Eversince the last century , the car , introduced by the worldwide-best-seller Ford-T in the twenties , has become the most popular mean of transportation . 
And nowadays it has even become more than that . 
Actually , the car is now much more than just a mean of transportation , it has become a real social M_attribute , the bigger your car is , the M_higher you are on the social M_ladder . 
Reducing the number of cars does not only implies a change in our habits of transportation but a complete change in the way we think . 
Another example of the way the car has influenced our society are the american cities . 
The way these cities are built is nearly an M_ode the car ... 
It s too difficult to move without a car , but that does nt matter because cars are still cheap in the US . 
I do nt think twenty years will be enough a genration is twenty-five years for our socity to change . 
However , some issues could help . 
Indeed , the environment and particularly the global warming have become major issues for our planet , and the car is one of the biggest pollution sources on the planet . 
Furthermore , the planet is M_running M_out M_of oil , implying an expensive energy , and that s becoming more and more a problem . 
However I am not worried for the future of the car , because new technology will M_overcome these diffculties . 
We are nearly M_entering a new M_era , electric or even hyrogen engines will soon be availiable , leaving a M_bright future to the car . 
Cars wo nt disappear , they re just M_entering into their M_revolution , that s it . 
When I was young I used to think that Aliens existed , well actually I do think they exist , and I thought that the first thing they ll see when arriving on earth would be our roads and our cars moving at any time of the day and night . 
For sure they would think that the inhabitants of earth would be cars ... 
Why would you want the inhabitants of earth to disappear ?
I think that for students is more important to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn facts . 
When studying , and in life in general , it is important to comprehend rather than using the memory to repeat words or facts that eventually will not have sense in the near future . 
Facts are still important and should not be forgotten . 
Still , the ability to understand ideas and concepts makes it possible to reason and discuss about topics and matters . 
We humans are able to make logical M_connections using our limited memory and few facts . 
We can understand the real meaning of facts . 
And we can reason on what it is M_behind a fact , we can tell why a fact has happend . 
On the other hand , computers and the Internet are in a certain sense M_stupid , but they can M_come to our M_help and M_support when we look for facts . 
With an Internet access we can consult online sources such as Wikipedia and Google . 
These are some of the best M_tools for looking for facts and these are the M_tools we should know how to M_use . 
To summarize , for students , in my opinion , is more important to understand and reason on concepts and ideas rather than memorize M_mechanically facts , dates and numbers . 
Students will need to be able to think and reason , computer will M_help to M_connect M_the M_dots .
We can say the most of the young people not all of them enjoy life more than older once . 
The causes of that is that they do not M_bare M_big responsibilities on there M_shoulders , they are only responsible of themself and most of the time they can M_rely on the help of the parents if they are M_in trouble ; This category is composed mainly composed of high school or university students . 
And an important factor that young s tend to M_explore life more , try new experiences , go places they never visited . 
An important factore also is the biological factore , young people M_have the energy to try new stuff and enjoy there life to the M_max . 
In the opposite , old people mostly have M_big responsibilities . 
Most of them have children who dependent of them . 
They have to povide M_stability inside there famillies ; financial and psychological . 
Old poeple M_calculate more there M_steps , they can not take risks because any M_false M_step can have bad consequences on them and there dependent . 
We do not have to forget the bilological factor in here also , old people can not M_have the same eager and the energy to M_explore and they are not M_vibrant as the youngs . 
But the last 2 paragraphes do not represent all the population . 
There are lots of young people who have M_big responsibilites because they can not depend on others for help , so they have to work to M_support themself and sometimes M_support there famillies . 
This category of youth do not enjoy its life as others . 
We have also old people who have financial M_security and M_stability , this category tend to enjoy life more . 
Then as a conclusion this statement do nt have a simple YES or NO answer . 
Agreeing or desagreeing to it depends of personality of the person s personality , his M_environement and his responsibilities .
In this article I will discuss the advantages and the drawbacks of having M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects with respect to specializing in one specific subject . 
I think that both of them are required today for a successeful career . 
The rest of this work is organized as follows . 
Firstly , I will analyze the main issues about studying many subjects . 
Then I will M_focus on the problems related to specialization . 
If you decide to study many subjects , you will be prepared for a M_wide range of jobs . 
However there are also some drawbacks . 
First of all it is hard to M_follow too many academic courses on completely different topics . 
Moreover some jobs required an high level of specialization and in this case it is better to have little and good knowledge that many and poor skills . 
Instead if you are specialized in one specific subject , you could find a well paid job because few people have a background M_focused on one particular field . 
On the other hand , if your highly specialized skills are not needed by the market , it will be very challenging to find a new job and you will have to start studying again . 
This time , however , you will probably choose something more general . 
This prospective could be awful if it happens when you are too old and have a family . 
In conclusion I think the best solution is something M_between the two choices . 
One should have M_broad knowledge of a general field but also should be specialized in a particular subject of this field .
To be successful you have to take risks and M_experiment new things ! 
I definitely M_support this M_vision of life and there are many reasons why I believe so . 
First of all we should learn from history and from our recent past that many successful people tried innovative things , instead of continuing doing the usual , and their creativity and courage to take risks has been M_prized . 
For example , in many fields of art , from cinema to graphic design , from theater to painting , people who took risks to create and promote forms of art that were different and new and maybe even risky for the big public , are now on art history books and are considered as masters of contemporary art ! 
A second reason why I M_strongly think that innovative things are a M_fundamental M_basis for success is that things that represent the norm or the usual have their own market and this market is very unlikely to increase when it has M_reached a very established and M_balanced M_steady state . 
But innovative things can M_open new markets from nothing ! 
Think about the fast food industry in Italy in the 80s ! 
Before the 80s Italians were not used to fast food , the way it was intended in the United States . 
The first business man who decided to open the first hamburger fast food had to M_fight against the usual habit of Italian people to eat a simple panino sandwich in Italian or pizza . 
Sure the decision was risky , but 25 years M_down M_the M_line we have a McDonald s or a Burger King in any city center ... 
even adjecent to very important and beautiful historical buildings . 
Maybe our landscapes have not benefited from it , but the owner of these chains had a great deal with his innovative entreprenourial attitude . 
It can certainly be argued that for every positive and succesfull experience there are many others that do nt M_reach the same goal of notoriety or economical success and risk is always a matter of chance ! 
Nevertheless it is certainly true that , by not taking the risk of trying new things , success is very hard to M_obtain if one keeps doing the same and does not differentiate himself or herself from the rest of the people .
Most advertisements makes products seem much better than they realy are . 
I totaly agree with this statement , most of advertisements give the consumers the advantages that they can get by using the products , and they try to avoid mentioning the disadvantages or the misuse or side-effects . 
To give a life example of that statments , i will give an example from my personal field which is pharmacy . 
Patrients or Consumers in other words like most of medical companies prefer to address them , see the advertisements on TV , or newspapper . 
and easily get convenced with the mediaction because of the following . 
First , they use easy langauge and something most of us suffering from like pain , insomnia and syptoms of allergy , Second , they keep repeating the advertisement over and over agian . 
even some people get convenced that they have problem in sleeping although they do nt and how the medication is effective and safe . 
I know one of my patient , that she M_forced her physicain to call me at the pharmacy to give me a phone - prescription for sleeping pills that she previously saw on TV . 
Although , she was not suffering from any sleeping problems just she liked the advertisement and the music on it and the color of the sleeping pill it was nice shiny pink color by the way and i say M_forced him becuase some could say he has the right to refuse . 
he is a doctor . 
yes , that is correct . 
but she mentioned that she will go to every single doctor other than him to prescripe the medication for her in case he will refuse to do so . 
and simply he does not want to M_lose bussiness . 
Third , The side-effects of the medication are wrtten in small letters in the end of the advertisements or mentioned real fast that , the customers can not M_follow what was exactly said and the most important thing as i mentioned earlier . 
it has to be in the end of the advertisement , so no one can M_pay attention . 
We can use the example that i just gave about the medications and the advertisement and thier ways on every single aspects and fields on adverisement bussiness . 
To conclude and summarize , I agree with the statement saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
for the previously mentioned reasons .
I personally agree with the fact that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
I may say that this aspect of our contemporary society is not due to the selfish behavior of new generations ; there is something M_deeper that can explain this situation . 
We M_belong to the internet M_era ; everything is M_flowing , everything is M_moving very M_quickly . 
The society and its way of living have changed a lot from the 20th century : nowadays people M_have M_less time for themselves and so for the others . 
Although helping poor and needy people and other remarkable activities are still commom in our communities , very few young people do that , just because they are not educated to ; the will to help their own communities is something that young people have to M_find M_inside themselves and only their parents can help them in this . 
To sum up I might say that every M_era in history M_has its own M_children . 
The globalisation M_era has been making the world like a big total M_town ; everything is M_near or it seems to . 
In this situation we can understand why a little community may not M_catch the attention of young people ; they are M_sons of the M_world and they might find difficult to M_look at it from the M_perspective of a little M_town .
I do nt agree with the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . 
There are some reasons to dislike to be led by a tour guide while I am traveling in a group . 
It is not agreeable to my M_taste . 
First , our time is M_restricted by a tour guide . 
That s mean that we ca nt go somewhere freely . 
At my culture trip on my school event , we ca nt behave freely because there is a guide . 
we have ecperience many times . 
We ca nt behave freely . 
It is hard for us to M_spend , because ew have to write reports about the place , so we have to be led by a tour guide even we do nt like it . 
Second , a tour guide sometime tells a lie . 
Last week , I had a culture trip in Switzerland . 
I had prepared against report trip , but they are not accorded between the explanation of the document that i had prepared and the explanation of a tour guide , so sometime I am confused , so it is trouble for me to write the reports . 
Finally , I think that the best way to travel in a group is that to behave ownself . 
This action is very good for experiencing somr thing in that place . 
This thing is happy for enjoying at that place . 
To be led by a tour guide is not happy and awful . 
Sometime the explanation of a tour guide is unuseful and not interesting , so many people shoud travel by own . 
Sometime we can learn something that a tour guide does nt know . 
Wherever we go , what ever we find . 
There are something who does nt know , so when people travel , they should not ask a tour guide , It ca nt enjoy and become bad trip , so we need to travel without a tour guide .
I disagree with the statement . 
Travel around the world is an experience that give you the opportunity to M_open your mind and M_develop new M_points M_of M_view . 
Travel is not always M_connected with as much information you can M_add to your knowledge , travel is more than that ! 
It s M_connected with emotions . 
A new trip is like a new M_person in your life . 
You can imagine how could be this M_relationship if it s led by someone else , a guide ! 
You can not plan in advance exactly what you are going to M_receive from something that you do nt know yet . 
Of course you have to make a plan of your trip especially according with your time and budget available , but it s always important have the opportunity to change if you find something that you do nt enjoy . 
A guide may be usefull for old people , because they have no more the M_energy to organize all the trip . 
And travel with other people can be an opportunity to feel more security . 
The sense of freedom for me is important . 
It s a M_waste of time waiting for other decision . 
I want Travel alone is also cheeper , because you can choose your own
Nowadays many persons have the impression young people do not M_dedicate enough of their time to helping their communities . 
What my personal experience provides is that society has a M_strong tendency to observe only the negative examples provided by the young people and that it is really hard to M_find M_free time to M_dedicate to others . 
Today society seems to love to notice only the bad examples of young people and unfortunately this phenomen usually brings to a M_strong critic to the young people in general . 
It is true that there is a quite big amount of young people who are pretty selfish and do not care at all about others , but only about their own good . 
What is extremely important on the other hand , but that unluckily is noticed by the society just few times , is that there are many young people involved in , for example , volunteering activities . 
What is even more important is that this number would M_strongly increase if young people M_had M_more M_free time . 
School is really hard and requires lots of efforts , many young people also M_dedicate some of their times to other activities like playing a musical instrument or learning a new language , they perhaps also need to rest sometimes and so it is easy to understand that M_finding a M_free afternoon to M_dedicate to others is not easy . 
For this reason those young people who are engaged in volunteering activities must be admired by the society because they are able at the same time to care about their own good and that of the others . 
I , for example , M_dedicate my Friday afternoon to help young children with their homework . 
This activity M_gives me a lot , but often I have to renounce to study in order to M_have time to do it . 
The amount of young people not involved in volunteering activies is big , but at the same the number of young people involved in these activities is big too . 
These young people have to be admired because they are able , within a week M_full of things to do , to M_find time to M_dedicate to others .
In twenty years time i dont think that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . 
The way i see it is that in order to leesen the number of cars in use we have to come up with ways to make us less dependent on there use meaning that we have to come up with many new trasportation way and systems that are suffitient and at the same time efficent enough to M_surve the public . 
there are a lot of examples for making good trasportation methods that can be M_introduced although some had already been indeed M_intruduced but needs to be made more effeint , satisfying and accesable for people . 
one of those examples are trains and the subway systems that have been M_intoduced in a lot of countries but not in others beacause there too small or the country cant affiord bulid and applying them . 
another example is the use of the bus systems and again buses are used in a lot of countries but not every body would be intrested in using bus case they may seem uncomfrtable and unsatisfactory . 
another good examples is the use of beycicles for trasportation like whats been done in some of the highly populated poor countries . 
if the the goverments came up with ways to improve the trasportations systems given in the examples and try to come up with even newer and more advanced ones i beleive we could see fewer cars in use in the future my argumet is just that it will probaly M_take more than twenty years to see that happening THE END
Some people feel that it is more important for students to learn facts rather than to understad ideas and concepts . 
Such peole tend to think that learning facts can be the most effective way of increasing their knowlege in a variety of subjects . 
In my opinion , however , for students , comphrehending ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts . 
This essay will discuss two main reaons to M_support my opinion in more detail below . 
Firtst , I am definitely convinced that it is more important for studnets to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . 
The reason is that by understanding ideas and concepts , students can improve their academic achievements more effectively . 
In my exprience , for example , When I was in junior high school , I hated remembering a lot of formulas to solve math questions . 
In the realm of mathematics , formulas mean facts . 
However , When I took my math class from Mr Kimura for the first time at the age of 15 , I began to be good at math because he could teach me the concepts of formulas in very convincing ways . 
That is , What I learned from his class is that in order to learn facts , understanding concepts or ideas which are M_strongly related to facts are indispensable to improve my academic achievement more quickly and effectively . 
Second , I feel that it is more crucial for students to comprehend ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because understanding ideas and concepts can help students to improve their imagination and creativity . 
For instance , in my personal experience , when I M_encounter unfamilitar words and phrases for my study of English , I always try to come up with the concepts of those words and phrases by myself before looking into my dictionary or referenced books , and I do believe that repeating this kind of practice day after day , I will be able to be skillfil in my creativity and imagination . 
All in all , I M_strongly believe that for students , understanding ieas and concepts more important than learning facts not only because they can M_promote their academic performance more effectively and quickly but also because understanding concepts and ideas can be beneficilal for students to improve their imagination and creativity .
If I travel in a group , I will enjoy the travel a lot because the tour guide know many good places to see . 
However , I disagree with this idea . 
In my opinion , plannning the travel is also enjoyable thing in the travel . 
If I travel in a group , I will not search about the place where I am going and the memory will not M_last nor vivid . 
If there is no one who help me with planning , I search details about the country and the experience will be helpful even in other situations . 
When I traveled in Okinawa with my friend , we planned our schedule by our selves . 
We hired a taxi and went to many places such as a glass-making shop . 
To tell the truth , the plan was not perfect . 
We had no time to go everywhere we planned , and finally we got lost and we had to ask helps to the people in Okinawa . 
That was not enjoyable memory , but through the experience , I M_felt the kindness of people in Okinawa and was M_touched because they were so friendly . 
Of corse there are some possibility of danger . 
We could get lost in the place we are traveling , like me -- I was lucky though , especially in foreign country that is a big problem . 
If there is a guide , we are reliefed when need some help in our emergincy . 
However , if we are with other traveling people , we will not be able to M_feel the real culture in the place . 
We might be friends with other traveling people if we go in a group , but we will never make friends who live in the country . 
Thus , I prefer to travel by myself or only with my friends . 
From searching the place to making plans , including getting lost , everything is the M_precious memory .
Like we have learned from the book entitled The end of History , in wich the author M_held the thesis that after the fall of Berlin wall the history had come to an end , trying to make forecasts on such a long period as 20 years is very M_dangerous , but I feel fair M_comfortable with saying that such a M_diffused mean of transportation as the car will not disappear in two decades , and even that the number of cars will actually increase . 
The car is the M_engine of modern economy , because it allows fast travel , which in turn means that people with the right knowledge or skill can be quickly and easily M_collected in the place where they are needed , thus rendering easy both to use their existing knowledge and to M_build new . 
I am thinking about workers commuting to their job places or professors M_reaching universities by car . 
Public transport has proved inable to be a full substitute of cars in this role , and as new economic powers like China and India M_emerge from poverty they will develop their car M_population as rich countries have already done , and this process will M_take more than 20 years , in my opinion , so that the number of cars will keep increasing over this period . 
Of course my analisys can not foresee an eventual tecnological M_revolution that could render the car useless , like the car has done with horses in the twentieth century , or a major economic M_breakdown which would render cars too expensive to be useful , but such trend M_breaking events are unpredictable . 
If the actual trend of the world will M_hold , it can be asserted that it will take more than twenty years for the number of cars to start decreasing , if it will ever do so .
I do nt completely agree with this statement : In my opinion both the understanding of ideas and concepts and the learing of facts are important to the cultural M_growth of a student . 
As a matter of fact , many times , ideas and concepts are M_consequences of facts happened in that period . 
Consequently , students can understand ideas better if they know in what M_environment these concepts were M_born : the facts can describe the context in which those ideas M_grew M_up . 
Following this view , we have to know the importance of the history studies : only throught the knowledge of our past we can completely understand ideas and concepts that M_grew M_up in those periods . 
For example , only if we undestand what were the economic problems during the 17th-18th Century we can M_fully comprehend the Industrial Revolution and its new ideas of mass production . 
But the opposite can also be true : some new ideas can change the behavior of people , so resulting in new events in the human history . 
For example , some new ideas in the M_world of the Physic were followed by the Atomic Bomb and by its use during the World War II . 
In the same way we could mentione the new researches in the genetic field : surely these new ideas will change the M_world of M_tomorrow and will M_give the true prospective throught which read the future facts . 
In these terms , it is not more important for students to understand ideas and concepts that it it for them to learn facts . 
What is really important is to undestand that you can not M_fully comprehend a concept without knowing the context in which this new idea was M_born .
I really do not agree that young people enjoy life more than the older do . 
I think they enjoy different M_areas of life but with the same M_intensity . 
It looks like that young people are having fun with a lot of physical activities because at that M_stage of their life the body is always M_full of energy and M_rich of sensations . 
On the other side I see a lot of old people prefer mental activities such as reading , meditation and conversation . 
This happens just because at their M_stage of life they learn and take M_advantage of their mental skills . 
For exemple , you can see in the same park a group of kids having a M_blast during a soccer game , and their grandparents sitting on a bench and be completly M_immerse in a conversation or reading a book . 
Even with music we have two different M_worlds : young generation enjoy fast and laud music that they dance till they M_drop M_on M_the M_floor . 
Adults get excited with less M_hectic music that they can listen and dance as well . 
But , if you go to a dance studio , you can see that regardless the age and the kind of music people is dancing , everybody is enjoing that activity . 
The M_intencity they M_put M_in what they are doing and the M_reward they M_get M_from what they are doing is not related to their age . 
They just M_get M_from different M_sorses of joy M_Sorses that are more M_fitting with their physical and mental status of the age they have . 
My impression is that both , young and old people M_get a lot of joy from the activites that they choose . 
Like I said at the begining , they choose very different ways to M_spend their time but the M_intencity and pleasure level they achive , I am sure is the same .
I agree with the sentence that most advertisements and most negative M_spots make products seem much better than they really are . 
This is real for lots of reasons . 
Firstly , a company which product a good or a service want always show the best in its business expecially when it want to compete with another group wich sell to people the same article . 
For this reason they often tell people lies about their good through television , city posters or magazines and people trust it , but when someone buys their famous thing , is not really how they describe to us ! 
For example , one day my mother had decided to buy an hair-phon which should M_resist to water and M_repared you from electrical waves but when it fall in the ground with some water drops she broke it . 
She was so scared ! 
Secondly , for new objects we have not the idea of the name of who product it . 
If I buy a Valentino s dress I think it would be better then an H M s one because the name is very important and show you the past of a work group . 
The companies which obtain the fame with their goods and their service have a best expectative in the consumer and the satisfaction of an expectative M_create fedelty in the buyer . 
In conclusion , I think advertisements are often a lie or an M_enlargement of the real usefulness of an object but I think also that someone with their work have increase their fame in people in a good way .
It has been argued that it is better to gain M_wider knowledge of numerous academic subjects rather than to M_deeply research one specific subject . 
I disagree with this idea because specializing one particular subject brings several advantages for the following reasons . 
First , since technology is really M_advanced nowadays , professinals , who have M_deep knowledge of one subject , are more required than generalists who have M_broader knowledge . 
For instance , my uncle works in Micro Soft . 
He told me that when he started working in the company , there were many employees who had M_vast general knowledges . 
However , since computer technology has been developed dramatically , the company only hires specialists these days because more sophisticated programmers are essential in order to M_advance its technology . 
This tendency explains that it is better to M_focus on a specific subject than to have M_broad knowledge of M_wider subjects . 
Second , as technology is sophisticated , specialized knowledge is mandatory to M_protect it as well . 
For example , PC security and computer hackers are one of good example . 
My uncle has been assigned in a computer security division in Micro Soft . 
There are 20 core members in his division , who all have PhD , including my uncle . 
Hackers do like computers and they study computer programs very M_deeply . 
Thus , the security division must hire people who are very specialized to M_fight the hackers . 
This example also represents that it is better to gain a specialized knowledge than M_broader knowledge of many academic topics . 
Lastly , specialized knowledge brings higher income . 
For instance , my uncle receives much higher salary than his long time friend who are a sales representative in Micro Soft . 
His friend studied various subjects in his school age and actually regrets that he should have M_focused on a particular subject . 
In summary , although some people insist that it is better to develop M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to M_focus on a particular subject , I disagree with this idea . 
This is because the latest sophisticated technology requires specialists in a particular subject to develop and M_protect it . 
Specialized knowledge also brings higher incomes .
Knowing little about many things or knowing more about less things is a question that we M_face many times in our life . 
The M_explosion of knowledge in incresing number of knolege fields make this question more provocative . 
I think that answering this question is affected by expected gains of each answer as well as the personality of the individual to answer . 
The life experience and career of a person can support one answer and undermine the other answer . 
Speciality is a relative concept in this case . 
Any career needs a certain degree of speciality in these days . 
You can not go to any field without having the necessary knowledge and skills , as well as attitudes , that compromise such field . 
I think that the question is related to the level of speciality that one needs . 
In other words how M_deep we need to go in the field of speciality . 
Another level of the issue is about wether this will M_isolte us from other fields , i .e ignoring M_horizental knowledge . 
As a social worker , I think it is more empowering for me in my work and life to be of M_broad knowledge . 
Having M_broad knowledge will facilite my communication with different types of clients . 
When the client feels yuo share with him or her a language he or she will M_build trust and feel M_nearer to you . 
Another reason for that M_stems from the ability of understding the environment of the case that may include different types of knowledge . 
This will M_save you M_from going every time to somebody to help you . 
Another point that makes me oppose ignoring M_broad knowledge for the sake of more specializing is related to the personality of an individual . 
I think people who like to M_grow M_vertically in knowlege ignoring M_horizental M_growth will end up socially M_isolated wether they like or not . 
In general , I am with reasonable M_richness in M_horizental M_knowled
While some people say that there should be a tour gide during the trip , I do not agree with the idea that going on a trip with a gide is beeter than going alone . 
There are two reasons of this : being responsible and more chances to communicate with locals . 
Going on a trip make me more responsible person in many respects . 
For example , I have to make a reservation by myself and M_handle difficulties that I M_face during the trip . 
If there is a tour gide while taking a trip , I wiil M_rely on him or her too much and I will not do anything neede for the trip such as reserving a hotel . 
As a result , I will tend to be less responsible person . 
In addition , If I got involved in troubles such as fighting , robbery , or getting lost , I would M_mamage the situation with my little skills of the langage . 
This experience will M_teach me how to M_overcome difficulties when I am alone , making myself resposible . 
By contrast , if you are with a tour gide , he or her will all take care of you whenever you ask help . 
Furthermore , indivudual trip or trip with out a gide will M_offer me lots of opportunity to talk with locals . 
For instance , I can make any schedule that I want and M_hang M_out with people with I get to know there . 
If I go to an ethinic restaurants to have dinner and make frinds with locals , I will enjoy eintire trip with them communicationg each other . 
However , in a trip with a gide , you always have to be in a group of visitors . 
In other words , you have fewer chance to talk with locals . 
In conclusion , I prefer going on a trip alone to going with a gide because individual trip will produce more chance to learn responsibility and communicate with local people .
I can not deny the fact that some advertisements make products seems much better that they really are . 
For example , since online shopping is getting more and more common , sometimes I have to buy things only M_judging from the information provided by the advertisement , and I received a completely different thing from what I expected from the advertisement . 
However , consumers are getting smarter , too . 
There are many advertisements that shows the real information by various methods . 
There are various types of methods used for advertisement that provide real information . 
For example , the company provide samples of the products to allow consumers to experience them . 
With this method of advertisement , the consumers acutually use the products by themselves , and they can make a decision to buy it or not . 
It is a good example to allow the consumers to M_get the real impression of the products . 
Another example is that some advertisements provide statistical information . 
The advertiser conducts a marketing research of their own products to show the users impressions or customer satisfaction . 
In this way , the consumers can get the reliable information of what the users actually thought of the products . 
Finally , there are many advertisements that a sales representative actually demonstrate how to use the product . 
The consumers can ask questions about the product at the site , and the sales person answers information of what the customers really need with showing the products . 
Since the customers are actually looking at the product , it is possible for the consumers to get real information . 
As a result , customers know that advertisements have a tendency to promote only their good M_sides , and companies know that it is not enough only to provide good images . 
There are many methods of advertisement that allows consumers to obtain useful information that represents the actual products .
The issue of whether successful people try new things and take risks rather than the people who do only what they already know is interesting one . 
In my opinion , the successful people should have challenging spirits . 
First of all , the most succesfull people have been something of challengers to date . 
For example , Soichiro Honda , who was a founder of a Japanese car maker called HONDA , was a typical challenger . 
Before founding his company , he was a only owner of small cycleshop . 
But , he had a great ambition and M_strongly desired to help the people who were at a loss in mobility . 
Eventually , he invested the first motor cycle in Japan . 
It was not only his challenge , he endevored many things after this and founded his company . 
Nowadays , HONDA has successed his challenging spirits and tried many new things , such as making robot called Asimo , investing hydrogen electric motor car etc . 
However , it is not necessarily that every challenging brings success every time . 
For example , about 100 years ago , there is a trade company called Suzuki Shoten in Japan . 
The people who worked for this company were M_full of challenging spirits . 
But , unfortunately , their efforts M_went too M_far . 
Their attitude which they tried something new and spend money on it M_lead this company to bankrupt . 
This was an example that challenging has not only advantage but also disadvantage . 
But , I can safely say that people never get the chance to be success if they only do what have been manualized and never want to take any risks because everybody can do the same things in the same way . 
In other word , nobody can M_stand M_out M_from M_the M_crowd without new challengings which make person distinguished from others . 
In conclusion , only the people who made a lot of efforts to challeng something new can abtain big succsess .
Have you never observed general behavior of a group of people , let us say a school class ? 
If you have , you probably distinguished some particularly shy students , some other more quiet or polite . 
Among these behaviors , you surely have been able to notest the most brave one , the one who did something that nodoby else did . 
This is the leader . 
The leader is , for instance , the student who have the courage to tell the professor about something inconvinient . 
If we bring this situation out of the school , we can say that the leader , the successful person , is the brave one . 
Thi means that those persons who have never the courage to try something hard , different and new , have few possibilities to succeed . 
One reason for wich I believe that brave people are likely to be successful is that they normally love challenges , and challenges are opportunities to learn . 
A genuine curiosity also characterizes brave people often . 
Curiosity means aquiring a M_wide knowledge , which a good M_starting M_point of a successful life . 
On the other hand , those who never M_pluck M_up the courage to M_measure themselves against challenging situations have few possibilities to M_enlarge their skills . 
Moreover , such a behavior M_reveals scarce curiosity and features people who are not willing to learn and improve themselves . 
The second reason is that successful people definitely need to be self confident , and brave people necessarly are . 
In fact , a successful life is often the result of many successful M_battles . 
In order to M_win all these , people must be confident in their abilities . 
I consider brave people to have this M_approach when they M_chase new challenges . 
In conlcusion , I definitely believe that a brave M_approach to challenges is required from those who want to be successful in their lives . 
Brave people are not frighten of the events that may occur , and this M_approach in my opinion is the right one in order to lead the situations .
The foremost business philosopher in America Jim Rohn said , To M_survive in the twentieth century you have to know more than one skill . 
Today , life is changing at a very high M_pace and more than ever before . 
The computer M_age which revolutianized every possible M_aspect in the world has gotten us to what we call the M_age of knowledge where to specialize in one specific subject is not enough in order to M_fulfill one s self . 
Therefore it is better and imperative that one gets specialized in more than one domain for economic reasons and personal reasons . 
Everyone wants to lead comfortable lives and have a M_safe future . 
Most of us want to be rich . 
To do so , nobody is going to be specialized in only one field because now , and more than ever , all fields are related to another . 
For instance , let s take real estate . 
An investor who wants to invest in real estate has to have an education in business , law , finance , banking , and even construction . 
If this investor is only familiar in business , how can he know about taxation policies , or about which kind of construction material to choose from ? 
Therefore , a knowledge in more than one subject can prove a valuable M_asset when it comes to increasing wealth . 
To M_seek knowledge is everyone s personal ambition . 
The process is tough and lifelong . 
It requires a M_thirst for learning and a M_hunger to M_seek the many truths which our world M_stores . 
To have knowledge in a lot of subjects is a M_virtue in society . 
It gives reputation and instant recognition . 
Take a company that wants to hire a new employee and that has the possibility of choosing two candidates : a person having a business degree who has worked only in one kind of firm all his life , and another holding the same degree who has worked in many differenet trends of business . 
The company should choose the latter since he s been M_exposed M_to M_the M_world more than the other candidate . 
Also , having an idea of a lot of subjects can be self satisfying since no one can laugh at the person or try to trick him . 
The world is M_filled with cons and crook men . 
If you re M_limited to only one type of education , the chances of you being cheated are very high . 
Therefore having a M_broad knowledge in many domains can be rewarding on a personal basis . 
To sum up , being involved in more than one subject is much better than being only involved in one for many reasons such as economic reasons and personal reasons . 
Today the world M_obliges us to M_invest our time in education since it will affect our living conditions . 
Being more knowledgeable is also rewarding in that it M_gives a good image and reputation and can M_serve as a M_defence against cheating . 
And the most important thing is to keep learning , keep living , loving , and M_leaving a M_legacy for others to M_follow .
How many times have you got deceived by commercials ? 
How many times have you regreted buying things you saw on commercials because they were not as good as they seemed ? 
I am sure that this happened to many of you . 
I think that commericals always M_inflate what products really are . 
There are many products which are not good and have lots of commercials . 
On the other hand , there are many products that do nt do much advertisement which are much better than products which advertise all the time . 
So a product having many advertisements does nt necessarily mean that the product is good . 
I can speak about this out of experience . 
I once saw an advertisement on the television about a soultion that removes all types of stains . 
I was so thrilled by the advertisement that I bought one for me and one for my sister . 
One day my friend came to my house and she spilled blueberry juice on her white shirt . 
I proudly got the soultion and rubbed it on the stain as instructed . 
Shockingly , I figured out later that the more I rubbed the more the stain spread . 
I was very embaressesed from my friend who had to M_throw her shirt after that day . 
In addition , a lot of the things mentioned in advertisements are incorrect . 
I once saw a toothpaste commercial that stated that this toothpaste gives 12-hour protection to the teeth from decay and plaque . 
As a dentist , I knew that this did nt make any sense . 
There is no such thing as 12-hour protection . 
It is well-known that plaque starts growing on teeth right after you brush them . 
Unfortunately , false advertisements M_lead to a M_waste of money and M_loss of trust between customers and sellers . 
Therefore , I think that there should be a commitee to supervise what is being mentioned in advertisments .
In my opinion most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , but I think it s the marketing way . 
It s absolutely comprensible that a company wants seem an his product better than it really is ; a company , in fact , have to see multiple factors , like for example the M_actractivity of the market , the other concorrent companies and in this situation the M_impact with the customers is fundamental . 
We can think , to understand the concept , how much advertisement is watched on tv ; if a message is reiceved from a lot of people , a certain product can be buyed from a large part of the population . 
Probably this way is not ethically correct ; a person can be fascinated from a particular type of product , after the wiew of the advertisement , and then he can discover that this product is not what he expected . 
But I repeat that this is the market M_law , so the companies ca nt make in other terms . 
I think the positive way of this process is that a good product can have a lot of M_visibility wih the advirtisement . 
My mind M_goes , for example , to Linux , an alternative software ; most of IT s experts say it s better then Windows , but it does nt have the necessary M_visibility and many other factors : for example Linux is not organized as a company like his concorrent to M_fight it . 
In many cases I have choosen a product for the fantastic advertisement of that product ; I like very much Coca - Cola , I ever buyed it , probably I d prefer Pepsi , but I have never buyed it , because I m a M_fanatic customers of Coke , in part for his beautiful advertisements , that remind me when was a chld . 
In other words , a lot of advertisemnets can decide the consumation of a produc
I agree to the idea that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
There are three reasons M_supporting my idea ; no M_free time for young people , no M_space for them to help the society , and lack of corelate experience with others . 
First of all , the young people seem M_losing their M_free time . 
Since now is the M_competing M_era , they need to work as hard as they can to get the good education , which suppose to M_give them the better future . 
Therefore , young people , including children , are expected to M_spent as much time as they can make for the prepartion for the coming test . 
Increasing in number of the cram school , especially the one for young people , crealy shows the fact that many young pepople are M_spenting most of their time to study . 
Thus , there will be no time for them to help their community . 
Second , there are no M_space or M_role for them to help the society . 
Nowadays , there are so many crimes that are done by young people . 
Therefore , people are suspecting on the young people . 
As a result , even young people willing to help the society , M_limited M_spaces are available for them . 
For example , if the students want to help to wipe off the snow in the deep-snow city , they are checked their name , and school they are going before they can help . 
If the school is one of that M_lower M_level school , they will not be able to help them because of the possibility that the one will M_cheet the community . 
As a result , we can say that even young people want to help the society , the society M_reject them . 
Finally , young people M_lose their chance to have the experience of good co-relationship with others . 
Because of the lower rate to get job , people are M_competing all the time ; there are many M_enemys for the young people . 
As a result , having good corelationship with others , the M_core idea of helping the community , is hard M_task for them to think about . 
If they can not M_feel the importance of helping each other , they will not think to M_spent their little M_free time to help their community . 
In conclusion , because they are busy , are M_rejected by society , and have no such idea as corelation with others , young people are not helping their communities , in my point of view . 
All of those factors are M_strongly connected for the
In my opinion , I think that for students it s more important to learn facts . 
During each lecture of something , professors are used to M_give the students too many ideas and concepts which it will never M_remain in theyr brain . 
So , the best way to teach something to the student is M_give one thousand example about fact that can make improvement to the students . 
On the other hand sometimes is more useful for students just learn the M_basic of ideas or concepts understood during the lectures or studying in the textbook . 
Infact , student s get M_in trouble when he has to understand a facts which is M_full of concepts or ideas that they didn study before to hear about the fact . 
Moreover the answer at the question could be as different as the brain M_structure of everyone . 
Although I suggest to everyone to improve theyrself learning facts I think that for somebody it s not the best way to look for . 
Firstly , student who has a good memory should use it to remember the ideas and concept that they have been learn . 
Instead student who has just a vision memory might use this memory remembering all the images presented in a lecture as a fact explaining the issue . 
Moreover , who get easly M_in confusion reading different concepts , most of the times difficult concepts , couldt undestand what he has to do in some exercise or in any text where s showed the issue . 
Finally , I think that students have to do want they want
where are you going grandpa ? 
shopping , golfing or maybe to a cruise on a yacht . 
That is what i usually get when i am really bored of studing or tired of M_endless working hours while my grandfather or even my father are getting ready to go on some sort of selfpleasing activity . 
I believe old people enjoy life more than youth or even teenagers do with all the study and work hours or the M_restrictions M_forced by parents . 
It is so hard for a young family member to enjoy life as much as elders do . 
As a begining , old people dont have any kind of study , midterms or finals to care about . 
They dont have to M_spend hours studing , going to school , attending classes or even buying books . 
They M_have alot of free time they can M_spend in any selfpleasing activity that M_brings happiness and joy to them . 
In addition to that most of old people do not have a job or a career to care about . 
Most of them are either business owners or unemployed at all which is evern better they have nothing to M_distract them from having fun . 
Not like young people who M_spends between forty and fifty hours each week at work . 
They M_have much more time to enjoy it . 
Also , financial wise young people have alot of bills and payments . 
After school fees , rent and maybe car morgage their is not enough money left to spend for fun or enjoyment . 
Most of the time elder people dont have these kind of concerns Finaly , the M_limitations and M_restrictions M_forced by the family on their kids donot leave much M_space for fun . 
you are not supposed to go their or you are not allowed to be out that late , thats usually what a young member of the family gonna endup getting . 
Not liek elder ones with total freedom . 
For all the M_spare time they M_have and the avilability of money or abscence of M_limitaions there is no dought older people enjoy life much more than youn ones do
The world we live is M_full of variety and diffrences between people . 
We share diffrent cultures , diffrent traditions , diffrent jobs , diffrent responsibilties . 
Everybody is diffrent for the others in his ways of M_expressing life . 
The world is a huge M_stage and nearly everybody is an M_actor . 
To be able to communicate with each others we should know about each others intresets , this is mainly based on what we aquir in our academic life . 
It s a vaste subject list . 
It s better to have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects simply because the society requieres the variety , requieres the change between all living humains . 
This is to M_lead us to communication and communication is to M_lead us to knowledge . 
Immagine a persons life specialized in one specific subject only . 
No variety , no communication , no M_expanded knowledge . 
TYhis is the type of persons who communicate with there ressemblance only , or in most of the times they become the M_outsiders . 
COMPLETE ISOLATION of the society , and this may M_lead to a public danger , or to suicide . 
It s then prefarable to be an M_open person . 
Meeting diffrent persons with diffrent intersts and charing diffrent aspects of life . 
Image a man specialized in complexe physics and only complexe physics , can you M_draw a life for this kind or people ? 
it s very difficult for him to M_built a family , to communicate with his wife , children , neighbors , friends . 
M_One M_step M_after M_the M_other they will M_turn to isolation , live and work M_outside society and thus a failure of life . 
We live in a absurde world with so much of diffrent desiers and intrestes . 
I herebly agree with the statment above . 
It s much better to have a M_broad knowledge pf many academics subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . 
Life is an M_adventure , we live once , we should do what we feel is rite to do . 
We re like an M_flower , said Descart , we M_grow and acquire knowledge we feel we re M_kings of the world , as we M_grow more we realize we know just a little of the perplexe and complexe world , we then start to become humble , and die .
I disagree with the statement and it is what I do nt like of the intruction system of my country . 
I m studing engeneering and I have to study a lot of things , a lot of ideas and concepts of difficult subjects . 
My professors only explain concepts difficult to understand and , important too , to remember for the exam . 
I see that there is something wrong because if I study very much for the exam and I barely remember a concept , two weeks before I ca nt remember that concept because I do nt undertand it or because I have nt a fact that can M_conduce me to remember the concept . 
I think if a professor tell a fact or a story to M_support a main concept or idea I can using that fact or story to remember and , most important , to understand it . 
I can say this because I had a professor of ecology and he was very different from others professors . 
He only spoke about facts of little animals to M_reach the main concept of their reasons to leave a place . 
Or for example he explained a chinese problem with the women population . 
He told that a chinese man can be considered a man only when his son M_put him in the ground for his death . 
For this reason when a chinese man had a doughter he kills her because chinese government do nt want families of more than five persons , so the women decreased . 
With these examples I understand and I remember ecology things after three or four years . 
I think that is the best metod to explain complicated concepts too , and it is a funny and not hard way to understand and remember things of different subjects .
Learning has several ways , these ways are developing and improving with time , and with the technology now adays learning ways are changing to be better for the students sake . 
I agree that it is better for the student to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts , because when the student understand idea or cocept he will never forget it while if he learn it for the sake of the exam , for example , he will forget it faster . 
I n addition to that , understanding help the student in anslysing different situations , this will help his M_growing M_stages of his mind to M_grow in a M_healthier way , and he will be unique . 
In my personal experience in the colloge , where i studied in one of the scintefic shools , the school of pharmacy , it was more benifical to do an experiment , see the result , and understand what happened , that was much better than learning it withot seeing , and when i was asked about it in the exam i answered with cifidence because i saw that and fuuly understand it before larning it . 
Now adays , the technology helped a lot the student to search for the information and hence learn it with understanding , the internet for example is on of the most important M_tools that has helped and still helping many students to search and understand , adding to that the visual media that it offers , because when the human see and hear he will be convinced more and he will not forget it easily . 
So , according to my experience and my believe , i agrree with the statement that understanding is more important than learnig , and with the time i think that is the way that most of the educational istituations f
I believe that a student should take care of both understanding concepts and lerning facts . 
Particuarly I am M_firmly convinced that a good education should M_provide enough information to be learned and enough concepts to be understood . 
Depending on the class or the study sector , one of these aspects can be prevalent but I m sure they should be both present . 
In an engineering faculty indeed a student should probably give more importance to concept understanding , while in a medicine faculty information , facts are more important . 
Non the less I believe that concepts M_require a lot of information to be understood and aslo facts can be learned after having understood some concepts . 
I can give an examples M_based on my personal experience . 
I am a civil engineer , and of course I learned a lot of information during mu univeristy career . 
These information , studied in math , physics and geometry classes , were essential for understanding how a bridge or a building react to loads or earthquakes . 
Viceversa a medical doctor can make a good diagnosis , and understand what actually causes a certain deseas only if heshe did learn the related sympthoms in books . 
Some students give probably more importance to understand ideas because they find understanding easier and quicker than learning . 
Studying can be in fact boring when it M_requires too much time , but i think this is not a good M_approach for M_reaching a good culture and especially for having an effective M_background education . 
As student and worker I am convinced that what we understand and learn in school or univerisuty i s the M_key factor of our future success in life . 
Particularly I do nt see any chance of success for all the people that learn everything without understanding also something , because they would not be able to adapt their knowledge to the reality of their job . 
Viceversa , and in conclusion , I do nt think that a person can do a good job if shehe has not a sufficient M_background of information learned in school or unveristy .
I completely agree with the statamenet that says that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
Most of the advertisements describes their products as they are the best in the market , without any considerations to any side or bad effects in its use for any human or any specific group such as children or eldests . 
At the same hand , most of the advertisements consider the financial M_margin as the most proirity rather than other important factors that might affect the whole human health , such as ingridents used for specific products that might cause cancer , allirgey , and diabetes . 
In my own expereince , I used to have RedBull an Energy Drink as my daily drink to empower and keep my self awake for as long as possible due to my long working hours shifts . 
Two year later I read an article by chance followed with an internet research showed that all this type of drinks are a M_slower M_killers more than an energetic drinks ! 
it has a Stroptroin more than any thing else , and the research showed that more than one cup a day might cause to a heart attack and to a few cases of addiction to it . 
But what makes this Red Bull is the most famous energy drink , is the advertisements and campaigns all over the world showing its one side effect Enegry M_hiding all other negative side effects that might cause our lives especially our youth ! 
It is not a problem to have these products in hour hands , but the M_disaster is that we need the proper awareness that M_tells us what exactly it is about . 
We need to read and keep educating ourselves with these kinds of products , and to try as much as posible to select what is more suitable to our use and health .
The author is arguing that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
I agree with the author point of view . 
The number of advertisements has increased . 
While watching a TV show , a person will have an interupting advertisement period in the TV . 
In addition , most newspapers have specified a number of pages for products advertisements . 
This huge number of advertisement has affected our thinking about different products . 
Companies spends millions of dollars to create convincing advertisements . 
This spending is considered part of the marketing stratigies . 
It is well believed that the more advertisement there is for a product , the more it is sold . 
The millions of dollars that are spent on advertisement is considered only a small amount of money in big companies such as Pizza Hut . 
However , these companies do not care if they have to lie in presenting accurate information about their products . 
Because of the colored and well designed advertisements , consumer will be confused about the real quality of the product . 
Because of advertisements , some products have become more expensive regardless of their quality . 
For example , Toshiba labtop is a well known brand . 
Through out the years , Toshiba has proved that they have good quality laptops . 
Overtime , toshiba laptops has become expensive . 
Moreover , people around the world have got an idea M_stick in their mind that toshiba laptops are the best . 
However , being a computer specialist , I have noticed that toshiba computers quality has declined . 
Few weeks ago Toshiba company had to withdraw laptop batteries from the market for a specific toshiba laptop . 
Poeple who are not interested in reading Information Technology news will not know about the battery withdrawal . 
They will M_remain M_in believing that Toshiba laptop is always the best . 
About nine months ago , I was convinced because of an advertisment that Assets air conditionars are of good quality . 
The company that is advertisement for this brand is well known in my country Oman . 
After buying two Assets air conditioners , I found out that these conditionars are not as was advertised for . 
I could nt M_stand having them for one months . 
I had to purchase new air conditionars . 
People spend a lot of money because of the M_misleading advertisements . 
They do not bother searching more about the product before buying it . 
It is maybe not worth it to search the internet before buying a can of beans , but it worths a lot to search before buying an expensive products such as a car .
Cars are one of the best inventions that ever been made eventhough it has many advanteges and disadvanteges like pollution and transporting faster on the other hand but People say that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than there are today well i definatlly agree with this statment beacuse in twenty years the tecnology will be better that today . 
The tecnology will M_rise and many other inventions will be made There will be cars but not anymore on disel or petrollium . 
the cars will M_work on the battery or there will be a car that is made up from glass that wil M_trap the sunlights and store them for the car to move . 
there will also be people that drives airoplanes or maybe ships ... 
even that now adays we have planes and ships but in twenty years planes and ships will be used as much as people use cars now ... 
before 20 years or maybe more than that , there was few cars , people used to transport with animals and only a few of them used to have cars , cars were expensive and that what will happen to the generation after twenty years ... 
planes and ships will be less expensive than now . 
also many new kinds of transportation and new ideas will be disscoverd ... 
people may start living on the moon or on other planets so for sure they will be inventions to drive there or to transport ... 
Finally times M_moves M_fast and no one knows what will happen next but we know that many things are changing , technology is M_rising and ideas are comming up from many clever persons and i hope that i ll be one of them someday . 
To invent a new way of transportation that will make it easier and more useful than the cars so everyone will use without causing pollution and be M_comfortable with .
Without question I agree the statement that young pepole need to perticipate in their community mpew . 
There are three resons for it : economical benefit , learning social ability and improving their personality . 
Firstly , helping thir community is purly benefit to economic . 
If they take part in a non-profit group such as the one keeping environment good condition , the gorvenment do not need to spend the extra money in order to improve the environment . 
Acording to the survey countries where people help their communities spend less money than countries where not so many pepole help their communities . 
For these reasons , it is certain that we need to make young people help their comunities . 
Secondly , helping communities enables teenagers to learn social ability . 
I used to help home which is for the old . 
Before helping it , I did not know how to comminicate with old pepole . 
However , by helping them I begin to learn how to speak to old pepole and also I also understood that it is really important to talk with old people . 
But for this experience , hardly would I learn social ability . 
Lastly , young people are able to M_grow by helping community . 
My brother was used to be really rude . 
However , he become far more humane bny doing it . 
From this experience , I maintain that the more they take part in communities , the better their personality become . 
For resons above , I would have to say that helping society is really important . 
Nevertheless , recently young pepole do not M_spend time in taking part in communities . 
Consequently , they need to M_spend more time in participating in communities .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , because I believe that the people who have M_strong wish to be successful , are more likely to be successful . 
My father is a business man who works for the Japanese company . 
When I was young , my father s job was to trade oil , and the company asked him to go to NY with family to work there . 
When I arrived NY with my mother and father , I was surprised because the other business man who worked there were at least 10 years older than my father . 
I asked my mother why , and she told me that my father is one of a M_rare M_case . 
He always suggests new things and trys new things that the company has never done , so he is working with older people who is working much longer than my father . 
When I heard of it , I thought it is good to M_challenge new things rather than only doing what I already know . 
There is another M_strong example which I have seen in television about a week ago . 
I was watching the Japanese TV program which is about successful people in Japan . 
On that day , they were showing about one singer who is very popular in Japan now . 
In the program , he said that he was actually a business man when he was twenty years old , and suddenly he quit his job to be a singer . 
He M_loses his job and had a very M_hard time until the famous music producer found him , but he said it was a M_priceless time which was crucial to his life , because he still remembers those times and he even wrote a song about that time . 
Due to those reasons , I M_strongly belive that people who try new things and take risks will be successful . 
Even though they have M_difficult time before being succeeded , you will learn things from that time for sure , and your success will be even more M_valuable .
well to start with I utterly disagree with such statement because I believe that a man s life resembles the different M_semesters M_of M_the M_year , in each M_lies beauty and happiness as well as problems and solutions . 
younger people are more motivated to M_start thier M_journey in life , they feel stronger and more motivated to prove themselves , they have different kinds of activities and interest . 
they are in the M_spring M_semester of their llives , where they are still M_green and M_growing M_fast . 
they have a M_vast M_majority of choices and a M_load of decisions to make . 
while older people are more relaxed , they are in the M_autum M_semester of thier lives , they made thier minds about the most crucial things in life , they took desicions and they are M_handling life more maturely , they are less motivated , but more aware . 
what am trying to do is to M_shed M_more M_light M_on the mentality and the status of people at different M_stages of thier lives although it doesnt effect or interact with how much they enjoy their life . 
But , in my opinion , what does effect the M_level of happiness , pleasure or enjoyment in life differs from one individual to another , it is totally related to ones M_perception of life and his prioreties and goals . 
how much did i achieved till now ? 
what I want from life ? 
what I need in life ? 
do i have it ? 
we ask ourselves these questions all the time . 
So , does young people enjoy life more that older people ? ! 
Not really . 
To sum up must say that people enjoy life regerdless of thier age . 
Thus what does make the difference is not the age , it is the individual personality and its M_look towards life , its achievments and the M_level of sucess and failure .
I have always enjoyed traveling . 
Every year I have the chance to come to the United States for three months by myself to improve my English language skills I have been doing this for more than five years now ! 
I guess I am very lucky ! . 
Since I have the chance to M_spend several hours a week at my friend s travel agency I noticed that most of the people prefer being led by a tour guide , I wonder if that is because they are afraid to get lost or not being able to enjoy their vacation at the best or because they are too lazy to organize their vacation by themselves . 
But it also true that if you want to go on a cultural vacation you do need a tour guide who shows and describes you all the places , the monuments , the history of the place that you are visiting and all those beautiful things that every place in the world has to M_offer to the tourists . 
Plus if you go to a place where a foreign language is spoken you might not be able to enjoy the vacation because of that . 
Personally I think that , since I am a M_free M_spirit , I love organizing my trips by myself . 
I just like to wake up in the morning when I want to without worrying too much if my trip mates are already downstairs with the tourist guide , ready to go to explore the new places ! 
But I also think that if you decide to go to a place where there is a little danger , having a tourist guide who tells you where you can or ca nt go is really important for your safety . 
I think that as long as I will have the chance to travel by myself I will keep doing that . 
Maybe I will change my mind once I get older ! 
Who knows ...
There is a great M_range of opinons about whether people agree with this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . 
Some people might agree with this statement and other people might disagree with this statement . 
As far as I am concerned , I disagree with this statement because many people can achieve their success by not taking risks and improving what is well-known . 
I like to M_focus on these reasons in more detail . 
The first and primary reason for my belief is that many people can achieve their success by avoiding risks . 
For example , if people can learn a lot of information from other s failure , they might be successful without taking risks . 
To give my family s example , when my grandfather started new business in any fields , he always reseached about the failure examples conducted by other people because failture example M_taught him why these businesses were not successful . 
He was so prudent that he could M_make his success without taking any risks . 
This example shows that people can be successful not by taking risks but by avoiding risks . 
That is why I disagree with this statement . 
Another reason why I disagree with this statement is that people also can be successful not by trying newthings but by improving what is well-known . 
One example that M_comes to mind quickly is the Japanese internet shopping site , so-called Rakten . 
This internet site always did not provide new technology and methods to customers . 
However , this company was always thinking about how to M_attract their cuctomers and make customers buy easily . 
Then it improved their site constantly . 
Finally , this company M_dominated internet shopping site without introduing new technology . 
I think this example shows people can be successful without trying new things . 
Considering all these facts I mentioned above , there is no doubt that I disagree with this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . 
Of course , I can not deny that many successful people tried new things and took risks . 
For example , Sony , a famous global company in Japan , always tried new things and provied new electric appliances , such as portable radio and video games . 
However , I still disagree with this statement because many people can achieve their success by avoiding risks and improving what is well-know .
Nowadays life is M_tough and expensive and young people have a lot of responsibilies in their life . 
Depending on the economic system and depending on the country where they live , most of the young people have to study to get a diploma to be able then to find a job to earn money and be independant from their parents , so studying M_takes a lot of time and some of them need to work as well as to study , so it would be very hard to hep other or M_give time to the community . 
To stay healthy , most of the young people M_spend time in the gym or practicing sport outside and that will M_take an M_extra time . 
A small percentage of young people get engaged very early and maybe they have family to take care of so this will M_lead to M_lack of M_free time other than for the family members and for work , depending on the employment law , young people would need to work full time duty and would nt M_have time to help outside . 
when young people come from wealthy families , or depending on the family education they have , maybe these conditions will allow them to be helpful for their communities to improve the community they are living in , to help needy people , and each young person can participate with his personnal skillls and possibility for the best of all the community members . 
Everyone of us can be a M_active member to help others , because in that way we can be M_stronger ans life may look easier to us and to others and who knows , maybe oneday we will need help so we will be happy to find M_support from others . 
In my opinion , everyone can M_have little time to M_give to his community to improve our life and M_have a better future in our own country of citizenship or residency . 
As an M_active member in my community , and as a mother of 2 children , i can help others by M_giving little time for psycholgical M_support for needy persons and helping children to have their vaccinations updated , in that way i can help improve our life in the community
The pleasure of learning is abig part of the civilization . 
To opserve what you experience has everything to do with how you use what you have learned . 
Undrestanding coceptes and ideas give a big opprtunity for ceareation and ceariative people never consider the importance of facts because if we beilive that everyting is a fact there wo nt have a M_space to think and M_brith with new ideas I beilive that what had happend in Art for example its M_built through different generations who represented different coseptes in different socites and if we M_look M_through the history of art starting from the early civilizations like in cefeman work skratching on a stone till Video art , sculpure and computer art . 
If we M_look to artists like Piccasso for example , i beilive that what made him a brrelliant artist was two things first of all was how he loved trying working with everything and also bing in a society that encourages the new ideas and it M_pushed him to be what he was . 
and that M_atmosphere of experements and M_flying M_away with new ideas that mainly creats everythng new . 
That what they encourage now in the very high standared art schools all over the world , you M_take few years leaning how to draw and paint and see musumes but the main pat in there plane to make good artists is to give a big M_space to think . 
so if you see a great huge sculpture done by the ancient egyptians you have to think about it not to only enjoyit like whey the artist coosed thies stone color and why he suuorted the back with arectagler stone that will migt M_lead to a new sculpture of yours using the sanme stone colr but with an abestrsct shape
Many people are called specialists because they are specialized in one specific subject . 
I think specialists are needed in the society to figure out solutions for many problems . 
However , I agree with the statement that it is better to hav M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . 
Only a few initelligent people can be specialists . 
Specializing in one certain subject is very hard and requires much M_concentration on it and intelligence for it . 
Ordinally people can not M_compete with such intelligent people who are very M_into it . 
Also , they must be bored to do one thing continuously and forever . 
Intelligent people can do the specialized work and solving problems for others too . 
Knowing M_wide range of things helps socialize people . 
People can not communicate without common topics . 
M_Broad knowledge M_gives people a lot of ideas of topic and enables communicate whoever show up . 
For example , a couple of people are enjoying talking about English literatures . 
If one knows some about them , one can M_get in the conversation as well . 
On the other hand , if one has no idea with them , one can never M_find M_a M_way to communicate with them . 
Knowledge of many academic subjects M_gives many choices to people . 
If a person has knowledge of math , English , and laws , he or she can M_pick any one of them . 
If a person specialized in one subject , he or she can not change his or her mind in the M_middle of the M_way . 
It is scary if a person realizes his or her interest is different from what he or she specialized in . 
That is because she or he has no knowledge about anything else . 
He or she needs M_go M_back M_to M_the M_very M_first M_stage of the other choice . 
Overall , people need to have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subjecet because intelligents can specialize one subject for other people , M_broad knowledge helps to communicate with other people , and people can get change their mind whenever they want .
I think that travel with few people and without a tour guide is the best way to enjoy your trip . 
I believe that a tour guide is necessary just if you plan to visit a country whose culture , M_habbits or language are really difficult to understand . 
I consider that the people you travel with are the most important issue when you plan a journey . 
Together with my wife , we once went to Mexico with two friends of us who had never traveled before . 
We invited them to come with us and we contracted a local tour guide even if we both speaks spanish . 
We realized , after few days , that it was a bad idea . 
As our friends were not used to the Mexican high temperatures , they got sick after visiting the Chichenitza archeological site . 
During the following days we visited the south part of the country and we realized that the tour guide was explaining us the same things that we would have found written in a tourist book . 
Considering this bad experience we decided to organize our next travel by ourself . 
Next summer we are going to Japan were my wife M_spent a whole year learning Japanes during an international exchange program . 
This time , instead of contractcting a tour guide , we are going to ask to the people she met there , to M_give us a tour around the country . 
We will visit the most famouse Japanes places with local people and we will be able to schedule our journey without depending on the group s plans .
Life is so diverse , that as much as a person learns throughout hisher life , there is always more . 
There does not exist a M_limit for learning , and new discoveries and creations M_pop up daily in our everyday news , M_growing in a M_parallel mode with the ever imrpoving technology . 
As a matter of fact , a successful person is not one who knows a lot , but one who knows how , when and where to apply hisher knowledge in the best way available . 
A person who has mastered something X heshe does , is automatically better qualified to do and improve X than someone who has never seen or heard about it . 
Each human being has specific characteristics and environmental cultures that M_bound hisher ability of the things heshe has learned . 
Sometimes , these M_limits are highly disadvantageous , yet they would not make this person specifically unsuccessful , because with the right knowledge at one specific task , heshe can sublime in a way even the best educated person on the globe could not . 
On the other hand , trying new things and taking new risks are very important in today s world , but it does not yet make it more successful a person who does it than one who does not . 
In fact , innovations and risks should always be tried for newly developed ideas and for the person to improve hisher skills and learn about most things a little . 
This concept is very well M_illustrated when compared to how the agricultural M_revolution M_evolved as an example . 
Imagine if a farmer would have to plant all types of fruits and vegetable , that at the end would barely be sufficient for his family survival in contrast to every one farmer specializing in a specific fruit or vegetable and than barter and trade with the others . 
Like that , each one farmer would definitely profit more with the specialization , and as a result also consume the best quality goods altogether . 
This shows that sometimes it is also benefitial to specialize in a specific ability to have the best results , because if everyone would like to do everything by himself the world would not M_go M_on . 
Now again , this does not mean that having some overall knowledge would be harmful . 
In conclusion , a successful person is a rather relative term . 
Because success can be attained with hard-work and M_loyalty to a goal . 
No matter the amount of risks and innovations taken , specializing yourself can be equally granted . 
Have you ever imagined if professional athletes stopped playing basketball , football , or baseball , would they still be successful ?
Students learn many subjects in school . 
Teachers feel difficulties how to teach . 
Some people think that studying facts is more important than studying ideas and concepts . 
On the other hand , others believe that learning ideas and concepts is more important than leaning facts . 
In my opinon , knowing ideas and concepts is more important than knowing facts . 
I will explain reasons to M_support my M_view . 
Ideas and concepts is helpful for students to understand facts . 
First of all , ideas and concepts are M_besic of all facts . 
Without M_basic theories , students can not understand facts . 
For instance , there are many theories to understand people s behaviors in psychology . 
I could understand others behaviors and my feelings by understanding these theories . 
Secondly , using ideas and concepts , individuals can develop ideas and M_extend their M_view of points . 
In short , ideas and concepts should be learned first . 
Learning ideas and concepts enable students to solve problem quickly . 
First of all , students can think issues logically because ideas and concepts make problems easier to understand . 
Secondly , students learn skills effectively . 
For instance , to learn language , such as English , students need to learn grammer and structure . 
Only listening native speaker s conversations is not enough to M_master English . 
In brief , ideas and concepts is M_useful for students . 
Of course , learning facts is also important . 
However , usually facts are matters to M_support ideas or concept , therefore facts are M_supplyment for them . 
In addition , observing facts is interesting and students are M_attracted study by wathing facts , yet after all students need ideas or concepts to study their interests M_deeply . 
To conclude , ideas and concepts is a neccesity for students to consider subject M_deeply . 
On the other hand , facts are only one aspect of real phenomenon . 
Hence , it is not difficult to say that leaning ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .
Speacializing in one specific subject , is much more effective than having a M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects . 
In the early years there were nt lots of scientists and doctors . 
If i was at that time i would have chosen to have a M_broad knowledge opposing to have one specific subject to spealize in . 
yet , these days education is improving and there is competion between people . 
Therefore , i would rather speacialize in one area inorder to M_shine and be known for my uniqeness in this area . 
In the past years there would be one doctor whom you went to , it didnt matter what you were feeling , whether it was a pain in your stomache or or a problem with your eye sight you still went to the doctor . 
Nowadays , doctors are more an more speacialized . 
Even pediatritions are now more speacilized where each doctor is concerned about one part of the human body . 
Furthermore , have a look at teachers . 
in primay school we usually had a class teacher which taught us all subjects . 
English , Math , Science and the rest of the subjects . 
yet , when we M_moved to high school we started realizing that teachers were to a greater sense more speacalized , we had a teacher for each subject . 
Not only that but take Science as an example , not only did we have a teacher for science , but we had a different teacher for Physics , Biology and Chemistry . 
M_oving on to university we start choosing our major . 
Take buisness for example . 
You speacilize in major and you find the different smaller topic in buisness , which shows you how speacilized it is . 
What i am trying to prove here , is that this decsion is already made , no one is able to take lots of subjects and not speaclize in one major . 
You only have the opportuinty to choose one major , and sometimes you are able to choose a double major , since some subjects are related to each other , like business and accounting . 
By speacilizing in one subject , you find it easier to find a job after university , and when you start working its motivating and self - fullfilling to feel that you know your major well , and this makes you like your job and appreciate it . 
This is why it is very important to choose your major carefully , since this will be the subject you will speacilize in and live with . 
It is possible to change your career but i feel its a shame to M_waste all these years of studying and M_start from the M_beginning
I totally agree with this statment , when a person gets a M_broad knowledge he can join all depates and can M_open conversations with all types of people , I would like to get a M_broad knowldge cause it will also make me look smart and well educated person and thats one of my goals in life . 
to be specialized in one specific subject is also a good thing it will make you a proffional in a specific subject , but when you it comes to socity they will choose a person with a M_broad knowldge than a person with a spacified knowledge , because they think that the one with more knowledge is more educated and when you talk to him he can understand whats the stituation or whats the question , talking to a person with M_broad knowldege gives you more chances and more apportunities to have more subjects to talk to that person with , but when you are specialliezed with only one subject it makes you M_stricted allthough you might be a profficional in that subject . 
A person can be educated and can be called intellgenet when he is familiar with all subjects , for example a lawyer will understand his custmers sitiouation more when he goes in details with the persons personality by using phsicology as trying to analyzie the persons problem and situation . a person with more knowldge is the person who M_used his life and his time by M_using every secound trying to learn more knowldge . 
I as a person would like to talk to a person with a M_broad knowldge than talking to a person with a specific knowldge because i can gain more information from the person that have a M_broad knowledge . 
However , i also like to be a person with a M_broad knowldge so i can be able to talk with all people and not to freak out not knowing what to do when a person comes to talk to me asking me about a subject rather than telling him i have no idea , i would love to anser his question with a good answer . 
In conclution , from my point of view i totally agree to this statement because it makes sence to me also as the reasons that i mentioned above makes me belive more in this statmenet . 
M_Use your time wisely to be a better person .
I disagree with this statment , i think older people enjoy life more then yonger ones , becouse older people M_have the money , the time the and health . 
As of the money older people have alot of money form their savings over the years , form down sizing as they dont need to be in big houses so they down size as they move in smaller houses and get alot of money from this , also they have their retierment plans which give them good money every month which they can M_relay on . 
As of the time mostof them are retiered so they M_have alot of time to enjoy so you will find them traveling alot engaged in social activity doing fancy sports like golfing , sailing and fishing which M_need alot of money and time . 
if we go through the economics magazines we will find alot of atrticals about the elderly people and the baby boomers and how much they spend on traveling , entertaiment and sports . 
Also they have exelent health servecise they have the most advanced health facilitis in the world , you can see now that the avarage life span for the female in the USA is 79 years for the male is 73 years , so they have every thing to enjoy thier life . 
On the other hand youner people have to work very hard to pay their bills for example if a graduate student is working in a good job and have good career he has to work very hard in order to pay his student loans , if he dosent have a loan he has to pay his mortgage on his house , if a young person doesnot have an acadimic dgree he or she has to work in more than one job in order to live decent life so after a hard working day both of them donot M_have the time or energy to enjoy or do some thing else , and if they want to do any thing they have to plan it a years ahead charge it on credit card and then pay later over the years with the intrest , also younger people have to work hard and plan for their retirment . 
So after all these resons i think older poeple are enjoing their life more then younger ones .
Nowadays a lot has been said about the role of the advertisement in the current society . 
Some marketing practicationers have M_defended the idea that marketing and , in particular , advertisement keep playing a M_neutral role in the modern society by only promoting the features of a product . 
On the contrary , among academics and most of the public opinion , this claim has completely been rejected . 
In my opinion this second position best M_highlights what the actual situation really is : Products are M_overpushed M_through the advertisment M_channels by mistelling what they really value for the final customer . 
Ever more commercials promise customers greater benefit from their products M_misleading the real wants and needs of them . 
Modern advertisment are able to manipulate the customer will and often convince himher to buy products not really wanted . 
It may also happen that the features illustrated by the commercial are really disappointing to the customer when this experience the product . 
Furthermore , by lying to the customer through advertisment , the firm can really harm the final consumer . 
This is the case of those kind of products that cause accident to the user . 
These products tend to overestimate the capacity of certain features exposing the cutomer to danger . 
Since , I think , this issue is tremendously current , more attention should be M_given to it . 
It involves ethical problems which must not be M_avoided . 
Only through a new M_conception of advertisement , I would call it an ethical advertisement , things can get better for people .
Many people might find specialization a convincing and M_advanced M_position especially in the modern business world . 
It appears to me , however , that those who have M_broader knowledge of many academic subjects , who might be called generalist , will be getting more and more important . 
I work in one of the biggest banking groups in Japan , which includes more than 30000 permanent employees and over 10000 part-time employees . 
Generally speaking , the products and services that a bank provides require high-level and specialized knowledge , particulary in the stage where those products and services are developed and organised . 
However , those are not provided not only for professionals within the same industry but also for ordinary people who do not have any special know-how or skills of financial instruments . 
In this marketing stage , the importance of those who have M_broad knowleadge of many academic subjects can be clearly identified , because such people have a variety of M_perspectives based on the academic M_backgrounds and can M_approach the possible customers from various M_angles . 
This is one of the most important elements in promoting and enhancing business . 
Secondly , according to my business experience , I would like to stress that good managers in an organization often have various academic backgrounds as well as a variety of business experience . 
I am not saying that a specialist who M_concentrates on one specific subject can not be a good manager . 
However , in most cases , it is the fact that senior managers need to M_cover extremely M_wide range of business M_area . 
In this context , a company is highly likely to regard those who have M_broad knowledge based on many academic subjects as potential candidates for good manegers or , finally , future board members . 
In the reasons stated above , I believe those who have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects are more highly appreciated than are those who specialize in one specific subject , especially in the future business world .
Every teacher has hisher way to teach sudents and each tacher has his her technieqs in teaching . 
One may let students to understand ideas , and one may let them to learn facts . 
however , teaching students to understand ideas and concept M_deliver the information more easily to students rather than learning and memorising facts . 
Understanding ideas and concept is make the information or the details more M_clear to students . 
first , when a student is M_facing a new ideas and information , heshe may have no idea about the new topic . 
And starting by learning the facts and memorising them will be hard on them and may M_lead to miss understanding for the topic . 
Whereas , when the teacher trys to explain how the concepts and the ideas where M_direvered from will make it easier for the student to learn . 
for example , if the teacher gives students scientific work sheet and tells students that they have a test in the next day on the difinitions , students will try to memorise the terms without understanding for the M_roots or the details of the facts that are in the sheet . 
However , they will be confused about how the facts and the details are M_linked . 
And in that case the teacher should have have talk about the facts and teach the students how these facts M_works , because that might help in memorising the fact for a longer time period . 
second , if the student learned for example , how the machiene works , he will be more knowledgable about methods used to invint it . 
Moreover , when the teacher uses technieqs that alows the student to think and how to understand the ideas this M_piece of information will M_last in hisher head for along time and heshe can develope that new idea a year after a year . 
Using this methode will produce alotof inventores and scientests . 
To conclude , some students have the appility to understand more than memorising and the opposite is also true . 
however , these two types of learning , depend on understanding ideas and concept . 
and it make it easier for students to learn .
How successful are you ? 
Have you ever felt that you are successful enough that you do nt need to try other things and become successful in other things you did not try before . 
Well , you are not really a successful if you think what you succeeded in is enough . 
Successful people are those who worked hard to accomplimish and achieve their goals . 
As a matter of fact , you wo nt become successful unless you work hard for what you want to achieve . 
You can become successful if you really worked hard for what you want . 
Successful people tend to try new things other than the ones they already succeeded in , because as successfuls , they truly believe that they have to keep working hard to achieve more goals and have various careers where they succeeded in , even if they had to M_pay their own risk on the M_trials of becoming successful in more careers . 
Successful s ambitions do not M_stop at a particular M_point , they always have ambitions and they always want to achieve more no matter how much risk this will cause them . 
They believe that to success , you have to try , risk and work hard , and they work M_based on that M_theory . 
Moreoever , if successful people tried new things and they failed , they would nt be discouraged and they would try the same thing again and again , until they succeed . 
It is a matter of M_challange . 
Successful people always like to take M_challanges and achieve their goals in any case , and they do not accept failure . 
They might fail , but they wo nt M_lose hope . 
They keep their hopes as M_high as they were and try again on the same thing , until they success and become successful in another thing . 
All in all , I personally think that since successful people are optimistic , hard working , smart , and like M_challenging , they will always want to try new things and take risks rather than just convincing themselves that what they have succeeded in is enough . 
They would do more things than what they already know how to do well , and I believe that they will success one time even if they failed several times .
I personally traveled a lot in my life because i think its one of the best way to learn about diversities and cultures . 
Since i was born my parents would often take me and my brother on vacation . 
I consider my self lucky because i had the opportunity to visit country such as Venezuela , India , Canada , Brazil and many others . 
Well none of these travels were guided by group led . 
From what i know a tour guide job concern whit showing to tourists the beauties or something in particular of a certain country , and i am sure that they do their job in the right way . 
But i think that one of the most fascinating and interesting thing when you are visiting a new country , i would call it the M_taste of your vacation , come from your desire to discover the same beauties by your own . 
When i visit a new country a whant to M_feel all the tradition and culture that carachterize it , i want to become , during that period , M_part of what is going on . 
For example while i was in India i ve been invited to a traditional Buddist wedding ; at the beggining i was a bit suspicious , i was not sure to ware their traditional wedding dress , it was a large pair of pants full of different colors . 
At the end i decided to ware it and still now after five years i remember that day as one of the most emotionally M_intense day of my life . 
In all my trip arround the world i ve been in many situation that gave me lots of satisfaction and i am sure that i would nt feel in the same way if was a guide who took me to that wedding . 
To end my paper i want to decair my adversion to tour guide vacation , you spend more and enjoy less .
I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . 
Usually teachers tend to show the answer to students when students do not know the answer because they may think that it is better for student to understand or is easy to teach for teachers . 
However , students need an ability to understand idea and concepts . 
Also , when they become a member of a society , it must be needed to state their opinion . 
There are some factors what is important for students . 
Fist of all , M_Getting an ability to understand is more important than other skills . 
For example , when students study about math , it will not good to students if teachers M_give the answer to them immidetaly because a skill of understanding or thinking is getting decrease . 
I believe that when students think M_deeply about how they can solve the question , their brain work more activity and this action M_leads to the M_improvment of their brain . 
Second of all , Understanding ideas and concepts are more necessary than other learning in the business situation . 
For instance , when you become a member of a society , you must give your opinion or are required your idea because most of companies need a person who are independent and have a good personality . 
So , If you usually know the facts , you may not get uderstanding idea because , you usually think about it after you knew the answer . 
Therefore , I believe that people often are needed understaning ideas and concepts in business situation . 
In conclusion , I totally agree that it is more important for sutdents to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because of M_getting skills and necessity in the business situation .
In my opinion the M_broad knowledge change about what a person will going to do because i think is very important to have M_broad knowledge of many academics subjects , the reasons of this opinion are : - if you have an a global knowledge you can have a lot possibility to choise a work and when you have a some difficult you are able to know better this problem and you have more possibility to resolving this problem because for any type of problem you are ready to resolve it . 
May , if you have a M_broad knowledge of a one specific subject you are ready to test your ability with any problem of this specific suject and i think you can know every M_aspect of this subjet without lot difficult . 
But in my opinion is better to have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects because you can have more alternative than one specific subject and if you want to change what are you doing , you doesn t have many problem and you are more free than if you are specialize in one specific subject . 
I think this because i like change and i think that : the change of situation is very interesting and been in always situation is so boring and when a person is boring is not happy and he doesn t know the best situations during the life . 
i think one person hoe is specialized in one specific subject doesn t have a lot of means liberty because he have to think every day and every moment at the same think . 
Then if a person have a general M_broad knowledge he can be free and he is more happy than a person how in
I agree to the statement where I believe most adverstisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
Such statement can be M_supported by my own personal experience and my friend s experience . 
Through media , such as magazines and televisions , many products are advertised . 
Many of the products seem very cheap and good in quality from the way they are presented . 
One day , I was watching an advertisement channel where they sold a hair removal spray . 
The advertiser showed how anyone can remove their hair by spraying on their hair and simply wiping it by a towel . 
The show also showed a person remoivng her hair through wax very painfully , trying to get across the point this product is better than any other method to remove hair . 
M_Strongly convinced by the advertisement , I bought the spray and excitingly waited for its arrival . 
When the product arrived , I tried on the spray immediatly . 
I was dissapointed when the spray did not work at all . 
I kept spraying and wiping but my hairs never came off . 
From this experience , I realized how advertisements make product seems much better than they really are . 
Another example that M_supports my opinion is through my friend s experience . 
My friend ordered a cosmetic magazine since she was interested in buying some make-up for herself . 
When she took a look at the cosmetic magazine , she was surprised at herself for not buying all of her cosmetic through magazine . 
The product were much cheapter and seemed better than buying at stores . 
She told me how she was never going to buy cosmetic products at Sephora or other cosmetic stores . 
My friend ordered a pack of lip sticks through the cosmetic magazine and she was busy bragging about it to her other friends . 
However , when the lip sticks arrived , they were so much smaller than they appeared in the magazine . 
The lip sticks were only about 1 inch long . 
From then on , my friend learned to never order anything through magazines . 
From these two experiences described above , it can seen that most advertisements do make products seem much better than they really are . 
We should all be causious of the advertisements and M_look M_into M_it carefully before buying any products .
for me it is better to have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject , because if you have M_broad knowledge you always could make anything in any moment . 
if you have specific knowledge you are M_limited . 
in the M_world of the work if you have specific knowledge you will have more difficult to find a job than a person who have M_broadn knowledge . 
i think that is more important have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects because usually , for the work , is not required specialize knowledge in one specific subject . 
well i think that for the person is more beautiful have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because if you have more knowledge you can speak with any people you meet . 
you could speak with various type of people . 
people who have different M_trucks of life . 
people who arrive to various places of the world and speak different languages . 
if you have specialize knowledge in one specific subject you may not understand other different subject very well because you do nt have basic knowledge of other subject . 
in the past there was nt the possibility to know many sub
Nowadays the advertisements are very important for a product in commerce . 
Advertisements make the product be known and they have to help the product to be sell . 
So factories and societies that product something try to present their product the best they can . 
So that an advertisement make a product seem much better than it really is often happens . 
For example , I love going to the cinema and obviously to do that I have to know what is on in the day I want to go ; I must have an idea of which film I m going to watch . 
There are many advertisements on tv , for example , that describe these films , and these advertisements are called trailers . 
In this case the most of the time the films whose trailers I watched seem wonderful and I often decide to go and see them ; but when I am in the cinema I understand that the trailer , during its sixty seconds , presents to me a M_collage of the best scenes of the film , but the other dozens of scenes are bad ! 
In this way and in this case an advertisement make a product seem much better than it really is . 
And this can happen also with foods or drinks . 
So I essentially agree with the statement , but also I think that after some time , after the product was known by the population , people start to speak each other about it and each other they clarify all the aspects , positive and negative , of the product . 
After that there is an M_evolution in watching or listening advertisements ; after that people recognized the tipical ways societies use to make a product seem better than it really is . 
In this way , now I am partially able , for example , to understand watching their trailer if films are bad of course or if I can try and see them . 
In conclusion , I agree that most adverisements make products seem better than they really are , but I think that sometimes people are able to understand that .
I totally agree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people . 
Young people M_have a lot of lifetime , healthy , and have many good communities . 
The first reason is that they M_have a lot of lifetime . 
Most of people in my country , Japan , live more than 75 years . 
Therefor , young people like my age , 25 years old , we M_have more about 50 years lifetime . 
We can buy a lot of things with money ; however , we ca nt M_buy any time . 
Time is one of the most important tings to enjoy our life so I think young people can enjoy life a lot . 
The next reason is that young people are really healthy . 
To be healthy is really important to enjoy our life . 
If we are healthy , we can do everything what we want . 
We can do every kind of job what we want , and we can study a lot in everywhere . 
We can do every kind of sports to have enjoyable time , and can travel everywhere that we want . 
Even if we do nt have much money to do enertainments or other things , it is possible to make money to do what we want . 
The third reason is that young people M_have a lot of community . 
Young people unsually M_keep M_in M_touch with their friends from their hometown , school , and so on . 
They both young and M_have a lot of time , so that they can enjoy a lot of things together . 
Also if we M_have a lot of community , maybe we can get a lot of help . 
It is really healpful and that can make our life M_going well , so that we can enjoy our life itself a lot . 
It is really fun to M_spend time with other people . 
To M_keep a good relationship with others can make our life great . 
Thus I totally agree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than old people .
I do nt agree completely with the statement . 
I do nt believe that in order to be successful people have to take risks or try new experiences . 
I mean , it would be more correct saying that these kind of people are brave , but I really rather not to use the word successful . 
Let me explain myself : it is extremely complicated to define what does it mean being a successful person , people have such different goals and M_perspectives in life that there is nt a M_clear definition of the term ! 
I can feel that I made it or that I am extremely successful for something that maybe would be seen as a total disaster from someone else s M_view . 
So , I guess I admire both people who are always trying to make changes or experience new practices , and also , on the other hand , I truly respect those who feel much more M_confortable and self M_secure by repeting things they already know . 
However , I must M_confess ... 
I think I am more a new risks every day type of woman ! 
I love to feel the emotion when I do nt figure out what am I doing or I try all my best when it comes to dealing with new circumstances . 
So , that is probably another reason why I do nt see as successful people who try new things : because I do nt see myself that way , using the word successful . 
Maybe sometimes I wish I was wiser , more M_traditional and not afraid of everyday routine !
In the twentieth century advertising has become increasingly important , and it is one of the M_keys for the success of a commercial product . 
Most of the advertisements , though , try to exaggerate the real features of a product , making it seem much better than it really is . 
Even if of course I ca nt appreciate this behavior by the advertising companies , I ca nt blame them because if they would tell just the truth they would have to do huge investments to M_fill M_the M_gap between what they used to advertise and what their product really is or they would M_lose M_against their concurrents . 
This would stress also the workers , as they would probably lose their job or get less money than before . 
The problem is that the global M_system is now M_based upon this assumption , and changing this M_incorrect behavior would need a global M_correction of the values of concurrency . 
But these behavior is well established and so it s due to the consumer to choose the right products , and not to buy the ones made by companies who just invest in advertising without selling good quality products . 
There is nothing we can do besides using our freedom of choice in the best way . 
There is a moment when this behavior by companies and corporations is nearly criminal and they have to be M_pursued legally . 
If a company sells a product that is toxic , unhealthy or if there is a lie in the advertisement , that company has to take its responsability about it in front on a tribunal . 
For example , I know that sometimes the water that comes from the home sink , that we use and drink every day , is said to be pure in big advertisements around the city . 
But the laboratory tests have been made in the valley , before the water passes through all the pipes M_full of rusts in the city . 
This is an example of a lie told by the State itself . 
What can a citizen do ? 
I drink water in bottles , even if I m not sure that my one is etter than the other one . 
We ca nt be sure about anything regarding what s advertised about commercial products , but it s important to M_keep M_our M_eyes M_open and try to choose the one we think is the best , maybe helping with our buying M_power those products that claim themselves to be natural and that do nt do too much advertising .
As people M_climb M_the M_ladder of success their ideas tend to change from M_dynamic and innovative to M_static and conservative . 
I believe that succesful poeple M_focus and doing what they already know how to do rather than M_exploring or trying out new things and taking risks . 
M_Reaching a M_level of success whether in bussiness or in life M_requires time and hard work , and upon M_reaching success risk would be to huge of a M_price . 
For example , a bussiness man would prefer to M_keep-it-safe and M_insure his M_position rather than jeopardizing his whole career over a simple mistake . 
The same goes for trying out new things , because successful poeple are who they are due to the priciples and polices that they have M_followed ; and for them to M_abandon such polices which M_lead them to success would be highly unlikely . 
Thus the latter would prefer to M_follow M_a M_path of conformity instead of radical change . 
Another important factor that renders successful poeple to M_aproach new things would be their mentality as in how the think in which they tend to M_rely on their past experiences as a M_measure for thier actions , while on the other hand M_fresh minds tend to M_graps new ideas faster and better thus striving to try out new things and M_build new experiences . 
A typical example for a M_dynamic mind would be a M_fresh university graduate which is eager to learn and M_follow M_the M_path of success . 
The M_ladder of success changes people in many ways , as they take the M_first M_step people are willing to take risks and try out new things ; but as their M_journey progresses they develope a new mentality which is M_built on past innovative , M_dynamic , and M_fruitfull experiences thus M_paving M_the M_way for a more conservative and M_limited mentality .
I do nt think it can be considered as a M_natural M_rule the fact that older people enjoy life less than young people do . 
At the same time I must say that it is what generally happens , and for several reasons . 
First of all , we live in a society I m specifically talking about the italian society in which the age a person decides to leave his family , for many reasons such as lack of job opportunity , lack of M_bravery and so on , is close to 30 . 
This means that , until that age , young people do nt M_face a lot of responsabilities they ll be obliged to M_face in the future . 
Less responsabilities for young people means at the same time : a more M_available time for them , who generally M_use it to enjoy life ; b less M_available time , and more and more thoughts in consequence to their responsabilities , for the parents . 
This is the general M_scheme of a normal italian family s M_dynamic . 
Fortunately it-s not always like that . 
My personal experience support me stating hat . 
In fact I left my house when I was 18 and I came to live and study here in Milan , where I found a job and have my life without any dependence from anyone . 
That allowed also my parents to M_spend the time they M_earned in some other activities , like having hobbies , or developing their personal interests . 
Enjoying their time . 
Enjoying their life . 
Even if this is the most important reasons that brings me to affirm that young people generally enjoy their life more than older ones , there s a second that is just a physiological reason . 
It is not difficult to understand that when we are young , we feel like we can climb mountains , traveling around the world without stops . 
We are M_full of energies , our bodies are ready to M_face almost every kind of situation . 
It is not the same thing for older people , who necessarely have to maintain a sort of M_proportion M_between their efforts and the forces they M_dispose of . 
A lot of things become M_forbidden just for physical reasons . 
But on the other hand , as I said before , older people can enjoy their life in a different way , M_proportioned to their possibilities , like traveling , or developing interests
I totally agree with the statiment . 
The company that want to advertise their product is making every effort to make it look better . 
They have to make it look better than the product of the other companies to sell more . 
Otherwise , they will M_loose costomers . 
I agree with this effert to some point , but there shoud be a M_limit . 
They can make it look better , but they should not make it look different , or say something different . 
For example , a frozen food company can advertise their frozen vegetable during the TV commercial by making look good with some special lightning , but they should not M_cheat on their vitamines that the vegetable contains . 
Scientific aspect of the product must be true to the real data . 
Like this , there is a need for the testing group . 
Sometimes it is a non profitable organization , sometimes it is government , that do all the research if the company is not M_cheating in what it says . 
After I moved to Germany from Japan , I found an interesting aspect of Gemany . 
There are a lot TV programs and magazines that make test and research to compare products . 
I have never seen such things in Japan , but I think it gives you a lot of information . 
It will be useful in a case like when you do not know which hand cream to buy , because all the advertisements make them all look good , the information gives you scienticic data that help you to decide . 
A normal person , who has no scientific background , can never compare the ingredients of hand creams , but the testing programs or magazines do the comparison for you . 
Like that , you can decide on the product with a scientific M_base , and at the same time , you know how better the companies are making their product look good . 
Sometimes , the product with an advertisement that did not succeed in making the product look good is better than the others with advertisements that made them look much better than in reality .
I disagree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do . 
Because the idea seems to be too M_shallow and M_narrow to me . 
I would rather say it depends on each individual whether they can enjoy life or not , than just generalize them by their age . 
I am going to state examples to support the idea . 
Firstly , there has been increasing number of young people , who do not have M_clear purpose of the life , being M_at M_a M_loss what to do . 
These kind of people often do not even work , which naturally means that they do not have enough opportunity to show their ability . 
That kind of life seems to be very boring and M_meaningless to me . 
Although some people might enjoy their moment of the life by doing something funny and stimulas , my impression for that is they are just M_having fun temporary . 
I think it does not mean that they M_fully enjoy thier life . 
As long as there are many young people living without a obvious purpose or M_destination , I think it can not be said that all young people enjoy their life . 
Secondly , let me introduce my own experience about my grand mother . 
She lives alone after her husband died , but she is so energetic and vigorous , and seems to enjoy her life very much . 
That is probably because she M_has a lot of friends around her , who usually M_drop M_by to chat with her . 
I think being needed by others M_gives people will of life . 
Lately , she even started singing with her friend in Karaoke , and is now M_putting much enthusiasm M_in it . 
By seeing my grand mother , I was well convinced that older people can live their life with many enjoyments . 
That is the reasons I think given statement is too M_superficial . 
Even Young people could feel their life M_meaninngless and boring , while there is enough chance for older people to M_fully enjoy their life . 
It is all up to theirselves .
Every idea and concept in the world is M_based on fact and it ca nt M_become only if there is fact that relate to it , there is a M_connector between them , soI dissagree with the statment which says that it is more important reason for students to understand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn facts . 
First , any idea or concept should be M_supported to be more convincable and people can understand , so there should be at least one kind fact that happen or that known to make that idea or that concept is realistic and M_strong that can people understand . 
Second , many idea that do nt have facts M_disappear with the time because they do nt have any thing that they are M_based on it , so most people ignore them and they become M_useless idea until one of the people aprroved it by a fact or some thing like that . 
Third , most of people use facts in the writing or research because it make their writing or research more M_strong and show people that who wrote this article or did this reasearch knows what he is M_talking about and the writing or the reasearch would be M_rich of right instead of hypothesis . 
Fourth , many scientists who has won prize of approving that there researchs are right , their reasearhs were M_basesd on facts that made their reasearh more convence and understand for all the world and their ideas become on of the importants laws . 
In conclusion , facts are very improtant for students becase they are the M_base of the ideas and concepts by M_suppoting them to make them convencible , make the articles very M_rich of right information that helps people , and it can approved our idea and become a law instead of an M_useless idea .
It s always very difficult to write about something that will change in the future because none can surely M_sustaine what he want to say about that topic . 
Nowadays we almost live in big society , and looking at the past and at the tecnological resources we actually developped , is difficult to think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than there are today . 
Cars have change the way to move of all people , and the society s M_progres had constantly increase the importance of these objects . 
I really do nt think that in future people will change their principal way to move , so the number of cars will increase for almost fifty years . 
Cars are too much important not only for all people , but also to industry , and M_great buisness-men who M_control great part of the economy of society . 
Infact , nowadays , the importance of cars is strectly related to the use of their fuel . 
It s very difficult to change something that interessed so much the the most M_powerfull person in the world . 
For example , we can look at all the projects in which all the M_greater engineers are undertaken , they work to new cars model , to new mechanical and tecnological M_sources in order to develop the services that a car can do . 
All the people who live in society want to use cars because it s usefull and it s helpfull whenevere you want to move . 
I think that there are no better way to move than use car , and in my opinion all people think exactly as i do , so everyone will want to use his own car . 
this is the reason why the number of cars will increase fo
Some people say that M_broad knowledge is better , but I believe tha to specialize in one specific subject is better for human lives . 
First of all , new things are innovated or discovered only by specialized knowledge in one specific subject . 
The M_cutting M_edge technologies or arts can bring about development of human lives . 
For example , robots which aid handicapped people were not invented without special research in a robot thechnology . 
In the field of arts , the computer graphic which entertains many people in films or TVs can not invented without computer . 
This example clearly M_shows how the specialized knowledge M_contributes to the society . 
In addition , a worry that the society with only specialized people is biased and hard to live with is not true . 
It is because that various kind of people with special knowkedge can M_complement each others . 
For example , many manufacture companies employ specialized people and make them research in special fields . 
Sometimes those specialists produce strange things , but the specialists in other divisions can point out problems of the products . 
Even if the odd products go out to a market , they do nt sell . 
Consequently , specialistes realize they are wrong and improve their products , which M_leads to further innovation . 
This example clearly M_shows that specialized knowledge does not always make biased society . 
Thus , people do not worry about that . 
For the reasons pointed above , I am sure that specialized knowledge M_leads to better human life and should be respected more than M_broad knowledge .
It seems to me that young people M_spend time M_on something they enjoy at the moment , but that does not mean that young people enjoy life mroe than older people . 
In my opinion , older people enjoy their life more than young people do . 
My father , who is 57 year old and have life time job , seems enjoying the life more than my younger brother , who is 15 year old and still attending school . 
There are some reasons why I think that way . 
My younger brother goes to school everyday , yet he still M_have M_more time to M_spend on whatever he wants to do . 
Is he enjoying his life ? 
The answer is no . 
He is often worried about the future and all the problems he has to M_face in order to succeed in the future . 
He still has no idea what he would M_become later in life , and there are many concerns to achieve what he wants to be . 
On the other hand , my father works at the company and he is busy all the time . 
It seems that he M_has no M_spare time to M_spend but he is enjoying the life very much . 
He is more experienced than my younger brother and M_have more knowledge . 
When it comes to the question of whether person is enjoying the life or not , I believe it is a lot to do with their experience . 
When you are older and more experienced , M_handling problem would be easier than when you have to M_face one in young age . 
Since for my father , his life M_goal as to get the job that he wants and have family is already achieved , he has no concern about his future . 
Therefore he can enjoy life much better than my younger brother because he has no concern about life that it makes the life more enjoyable . 
In conclusion , the case of family is not always true for every old people and young people . 
Some people are able to achieve their M_goal when they are still young and perhaps such young people enjoy life more than some old people who is still M_struggling to achieve the M_goal . 
Despite those cases , I believe that older people enjoy life more than young people do .
Mostly there is two kinds of people . 
one is trying to do new things and takes risks . 
on the othere hand , people like to do only thing they know it before without takeing any risky things . 
Each kind of these people have their reasons . 
I will discuss more about them in this assay . 
First of all , people who like to do new things and to involve in risky things , i will call it a risky man . 
This man have the feel of challenge . 
There fore , he likes to do arisky and strainge things and he enjoy it . 
For instance , a man who like to claim mountains , sailing a round the world or , for more risky , swiming from country to others . 
why do the risky man do this things ? 
Propeply he want to grant a huge number of money and to be a famouse and unforgitable . 
Further more , most of these people you can find them in ginnes record . 
Secondly , people who like to do normal and ussual things , i can call them a calmy man . 
This man like to live in peacfull and M_calm life . 
He prefer to have a happy family than making risky things . 
plus , he think that person who do a risky things is M_craizy . 
More over , this calmy man ussually have a job with loving partners . 
how ever , he rarely go on travils and trips . 
Finally , i think being a risky man it is not good due to the risky situations that he M_faces during his life . 
Also , being a calmy man is not good too . 
His life is very quite and boring . 
In my opion is that compining between the two personality is better . 
So then from time to another you can make little risky and new things like saling about or building a wooden house . 
More over , having a nice family with a good job .
I am 25 years old , so my personal experience only M_covers half of the statement , the part regarding young people ; however i can look at my relatives or at other elder people to infer something about how do thay enjoy life . 
In a first appoximation , I think that each one enjoy his her life in a different way , so it is not easy to generalize this evaluation distinguishing between younger and older people . 
However , I have to point out that a necessary even not sufficient condition for a person to enjoy his her life is to M_have a good health ; and it is statistically true that older people have more chances to M_have a bad health Apart from this first consideration , there are some other matter of facts about how youngers and olders M_conduct their lifes . 
In fact , a very important consideration has to be done about work . 
Younger people have to work harder than the olders that often are on retirement , so the younger M_have M_less time to M_spend for their own enjoyment and , depending on the retirement system , they can also have less money ! . 
Nonetheless , young people M_have more opportunities to M_have fun because most of enterteinments better M_fits to them such as discos , some kinds of sport activities , some kinds of concerts or travels , etc .. 
The negative aspect connected with this M_wider range of opportunities is that sometimes young people M_suffer of a kind of anxiety of M_having fun and doing lots of things , which ends to make them always unhappy with what they are doing . 
In fact , it is true that maybe older people have a different way of M_approaching to life that allows them to M_get the best from every situation and to enjoy more of M_simple things . 
This different way of appreciating things perhaps M_derives from their maturity , their M_whole experience and make their lifes more relaxed and sometimes more serene . 
In conclusion , I think that it is not possible to completely agree or disagree with the statement because it depends on individual attitudes and external conditions how a person can enjoy his her life during different periods . 
Once more I see that life is more complicated and people are more different one to another than it can be described in a short phrase .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , i M_stongly support this view . 
The media has played very important role is M_misleading people , and made people to believe in what is not true however there are always exceptions . 
The media industry has been M_playing with people trust in order to sell the products of diffrent companies because they pay alot to make attractive advertisements . 
To verify my point i am going to give few examples . 
For instance i bought a washing liquid after seeing it on the tv the products gives you garanttee that it will take away all the marks no matter how M_deep they are but after using the product i was not satisfied . 
Infact it was just M_waste of my money and time . 
I have a rough estimation that 8 out of 10 prodducts are not reliable , after my past experiences . 
Alot of things play a role in making the product so M_appealing , a high budget advertisement even take well know celeberties to emphasis the quality of the product and to some extent we all believe the well known figurs and we might again M_mislead ourselves . 
You may see alot of commercial on the weekends which M_compel you to buy the products which you really do nt need , you just get impressed by the comercials and later on after using it you realize it doesnot benefit you as the comercial shows . 
Another example i bought a shirt from mall after seeing the model wearing it , when i wore the shirt it nothing felt or looked like the model has promised . 
The light , the makeup and the setup made it appear far better than the quality and even the look of the shirt . 
I do believe that there are few products from well known companies which have M_developed trust over time but mostly the others are all not at all satisfying and are just M_waste of money and time , they M_play with ones feelings . 
The better the advertisement the better money the company has paid to make the advertisement to the reality itself .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
These days , many young people are just M_playing M_around and some of them are even being M_obstacle to others . 
In my country , Japan , the unemployed young people is being a serious problem . 
They are the people who never goes outside and work . 
They often get food supplies and hobby goods from their parents . 
These people are surely not helping their communities , since they just M_spend most of the time playing computer games . 
I have a friend that used to play a lot in childhood , but now that friend is staying in his house for all the day and doing nothing . 
That friend s mother was saying that it would be great if he get out from his room and start searching for job , since the family s income is not sufficient . 
There is other case too . 
Some young people in Japan M_spend their time just M_running M_around their neighborhoods with their motorcycles , usually with a very noisy sound of that motorcycles . 
They can be very hostile and causes a lot of fights . 
By those fights , public property could be destroyed , or other people might get injured too . 
I got injured by those people last week . 
I was just standing in the park , waiting for my friend , and those people came saying that the park is their place , so never enter . 
They punced me in face , and I was badly injured . 
Young people should be the ones who help and M_develop their communities , but it is not yet achieved in my country . 
I think those people who are being M_obstacle to others should stop harming other people or destroying public property at first . 
Then gradually , they can be helping their communities and could make it better .
i agree that is most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . 
for example last week i saw an advertisement about soup for cleaning the car , they said it w ll clean any think inclouding hard spots so i try that products and it doesnt do any thing for my car , may be the normal soup is better than this products . 
another advertisement was M_talking about some food and they say it is very healthy and good for your body do i buy it too , but after i try it i dont thing i feel any changes . 
and there is some products for a fat peoples they said it w ll make you lose wight and make you thiner but alot of peoples try thats products and did nt lose any wight . 
but some times there a honest advertisments . 
for example there was an advertisement about some food and they chalenge any one who can prove that is the product has any unnatural products so when some peoples do some tests for this product they say it was true the product does not contain any unnatural products . 
but the we ca nt say about advertisements alwayes make thair products better than they really are and in the same time we can not say the opssite because we have the to M_faces , honest advertisemnents and dishonest advertisements . 
therefore , i thing that back for the persons experians and what he belive in and if the products equal the big advertisment they have so do nt belive any thing you wach because some time you just wach a minet of layers from this company .
I can see no reasons to object it . 
But I would like to make it M_clear that this issue is limited to most of advanced countries . 
It is needless to say that the infrastructures and facilities is not still prepared in most of developing countries . 
Even if the conditions is getting better , it is M_far M_away from discussing in this point . 
Any way , there are three principal reasons to M_support that I completely agree . 
Firstly , other transportation systems such us a train and a plane have been developing in the matter of time and also in the matter of money . 
Now , the number of trains is available everyday . 
Of course about a plane , too . 
Gradually , the cost has become cheaper than before . 
Actually , I could fly to U . 
S by 300 dollars . 
It is much ceaper than before . 
Secondly , from environmental point of view , people have M_changed their minds M_into M_preserving clean air . 
This is largely due to the fact cars have influenced badly . 
Lastly , the family M_structure has been changing . 
For instance , there many families which do not have their child in it . 
This means they do not need their cars to go away in more safer way . 
I know the importance of cars . 
However , I would like to stress the advantages of environmental problem . 
To sum up , I agree this idea .
I disagree with the statement . 
Traveling in a group M_takes M_away your freedom in time and space You may find it is easier and safer to move around in a group , but in reality , if you wish to go and stay in a certain place for a certain time , that choice is not possible if the group has a different agenda . 
A tour guide can be useful and informative , but this also M_takes your agency of deciding what to see , where to go . 
The best part of traveling in a group with a tour guide is the safety and the less effort you need to M_gather information about the place , and information for ensuring the safety . 
But this is also the worst part of traveling in a group , in that , it M_eliminates positive accidents . 
By positive accidents , I mean your opprotunity to meet people , find a great shop or street by accident , find a new things about the place which may not be marketed in the M_mainstream tourism . 
Traveling in a group can M_take M_away some occurences that can only happen because you have no agenda or specific information , because you wonder around . 
A good example of this is going to a restaurant . 
If you travel to Hong Kong , you find there are restaurants that are specifically for tourists . 
They are expensive , M_give less ifnormation about local food and culture , and you meet no locals . 
But if you are willing to take a risk of wondering around , asking around the local people to show a good restaurant , that experience can M_give you so many M_episodes . 
You get to communicate with the local people , maybe try speaking a foreign language , find out what is considered a good food in the place and how to use the public transportation , and line up in the restaurant and eat , learning the local way of doing things . 
Since I prefer adventure and really experiencing a place when I travel , instead of being a part of marketted and M_selling M_out tourism , I choose to travel alone , in my way , in my own timing . 
If I work hard to find a good restaurant , I would like to decide what to eat there and how long to stay , not minding what the group may and should do . 
Some may say the trouble it takes to M_gather information about the place on hisher own is too much , and it is better to leave the job to the tour guide . 
However , recently there are so many books and websites about traveling alone or as a couple but without any guide that are easily M_accessble , that the things I mentionied above about getting around on your won can be easily found in a book , such as Lonely Planet . 
After all , traveling is a means to get away and placing yourself in an odd situation , getting away from your mundane life and chores . 
In that perspective , no group tour is beneficial if that limits your adventure - possitive accidents . 
By planning and traveling alone , you may find a new aspect of the place you are visiting , which is your own M_original M_version and not the marketted M_version that are equally given to any tourists . 
I think my position can be easily M_supported by the numerous current TV programs about backpaking , traveling alone , seeking so-called adventure in traveling . 
A famous example of this will be a program called global trekkers . 
Now the trend is in adventure . 
Traveling in a group with a tour guide may be a good idea for older people , but for myself , I chose traveling alone .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
Not many young people are seen in community activities , and it seems like their interest is not at their local . 
Three reasons can be thought of when thinking about this issue . 
Firstly , young people seem to be M_busy M_with their own life , and has less interest in their own communities . 
This is because their everyday life is basically at the achool or university . 
There , they study on subjects they have interest in , and they may also be participating in a M_circle or an after school activitiy . 
It can be guessed that young people M_spend more time there , instead of helping out at local communities . 
Secondly , the community itself is not systematically organized for young people to participate . 
The problem of Japanese society now is that the local communities are not M_working M_out in many places because people have less contact with their neighbors . 
For example , in big cities with people living in high building appartments , it is normal for people to not know most of the people who live there . 
You might see some people once in a while , but in a busy life , there is rarely a chance to really get together to M_form a community . 
Therefore , young people do not M_spend time to help out in their communities . 
Lastly , the local communities are mainly M_run by older people , such as people who have retired jobs and M_have more time . 
These people gather and organize community activities and M_spread it to neighbors . 
For example , it M_takes time to organize an event in the community . 
You need to plan out things to do , and also go knock on doors to ask for participation . 
When there are not enough people , you M_struggle more and have to work harder . 
So it is natural to say that people who M_have more time has more chance to participate and help out in the communitiy . 
This might be one of the reasons that youg people M_spend less time in community when compared with older people . 
From these three points that I have stated above , I agree that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
Young people might be energetic and be a big help , but when their interest is M_somewhere else , it is difficult to M_bring M_back their attention .
I think that most advertisements make products seems much better than they really are . 
They do make lots of goods more M_appealing , and colorful or M_handy . 
The truth M_reveals when you buy it and us it . 
Although advertisement is imprtant to a new products in the market , to show people a new M_line of food , computers or services . 
It does not require to M_run the advertisement too many times a day . 
I think that any good relaiable goods and services will eventualy M_control the market , regardless of how many times other products would M_run their advertisements because they will fail in the selling process as long as they are not as good . 
When I want to buy a computer , for example , I think first of Dell , although there are lots of other popular brands which they have lots of advertisements that M_run several times on several TV chanals and even on the newspapers . 
I still like Dells computer . 
I guess lerning from personal experiance is way more M_valiable than all the nice things you see and hear about a products in an advertisements . 
Another example of service . 
When it comes to a TV cable I like Direct TV , . 
This also because of a personal experiance . 
The service that I had before was not relaiable and nothing even M_close to what they advertise . 
You could never talk to a person when you call them after having a problem . 
Which happened to occure too many times . 
Like M_losing the singnal . 
Aside from that . 
I had always woundered how much these people producers are making to be able to afford these expensive advertisements . 
Because this tells me that the products would really be much cheaper if they have not M_wasted lots of money on these advertisements . 
Although the role of advertisements is very important , it mostly has been M_over M_used . 
for example , in the city where I live I keep seeing this advertisement on TV that talks about how wounderful this M_chain of resturants are . 
The funny part is , this M_chain of resturants is not existed in the state where I live . 
Total M_wast of money , unless they expect from me to travel to other state to have a dinner .
In my opinion , is better to have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects instead of a specialization in one of them . 
I say this because I think that is the best solution in order to find a work in today s society , where companies are continously on change and require a huge M_flexibility and adaptability for the new works . 
According to this , school must M_provide to give a basical instruction , teaching many different subjects . 
In this way , each student will have a quite M_complete background in the fileld he choose . 
I think that also specialization is important for work , of course , because it implies that a person is really good on doing something specific . 
But I also think that an M_high M_level of specialization could be M_reached only with years and years of study and work , and school ca nt M_give this opportunity to everybody . 
An example : I study design , but lots of kind of designs . 
Interior design , virtual design , graphic design and much more . 
But what I really like to do is Web design . 
So , school M_gives me first the opportunity to learn about different tipes of design and , second , to understand which is the best for me . 
After the school I can specialize myself in Web design by work , because I have a basical preparation that school M_gave me , and , in the same time , the other students in my class could choose another specialization , according to their preferences . 
This M_model of teaching subjects M_gives lots of advantages , because it is nt neither M_rigid nor boring . 
It M_gives anyone the possibility to choose , without create M_limits . 
Academic subjects are only the M_start M_up of the student s working life , that he can and must develope in his career . 
But at the same time they are very important , because allow the student the opportunity to understand what he really like to do in his future .
I disagree with the statement , in order for a student to learn something and benefits from it in the future he needs to learn facts because facts are M_based on things happened in reality so when a student get to learn from a fact he will be able to M_face each negative point of the subject . 
First , learning facts especially from history and literature men like shakespeare , roald John , etc . 
will help the student to learn and be M_foretasted about the subject than just giving him what shakespeare wrote and requesting him to memorize . 
Understanding ideas and concepts makes the student to hate the subject because he feels that he must understand and memorize so for him its a long process while learning facts is more helpful because its a study of reality that happened once in life to simulataneous people . 
Second , as importance absolutely it is more important to learn facts because students have to know and feel about others who suffered previously before them and how were they able to M_reach their goals . 
This way of learning will encourage students to know about these facts and also be able to learn them to their friends and other people . 
Furthermore , some people may disagree the idea of learning facts and prefer understanding concepts while they dont think how will the student be able to understand all ideas because most ideas are M_unreal and many students hate to learn M_fake things such as science fiction , terror stories and so on . 
Third , another popular reason is that most of our education places M_follow M_the M_rules of understanding than learning facts , i dont think students are more realiable to this processs maybe if they try to learning process the educatinal zones would find a good reaction from the students . 
In Conclusion , I advice all students so tha they enjoy educating themselves to learn facts , any given facts that would M_feed them in the future for them as individuals and to others as acknowledged students .
Although some people prefer to travel in a group because of the easiness and safetiness , I would like to travel by myself or with a only few friends . 
Travering individually is M_flexible and economical . 
In the beginning , I did travel with a group led by a tour guid , because I did not know how to make a plan for a trip , and also I did not speak English enough to travel abroad . 
In that case , it had better travel in a group and have a tour guide . 
How ever , I found myself frustrated about waiting the other people to get ready to leave the place we visited and not having any M_extra time to M_spend more time at my favorite places . 
On the other hand , if I am traveling by myself , there is no such a problems . 
I can stay in bed late , or wake up early morning and enjoy the sunrise . 
Therefore , I can more enjoy the trip without . 
Travering with a group is usually more costly than traveling individually . 
The tour group usually rent a larger van or bus and reserve the higher grade hotel and restaurants to fullfill the satisfaction of all the guests . 
This may not be needed for some people . 
If I am traveling by myself , I have time to select hotels and restaurants according my budget . 
Instead I can spend more money to visit other places or From what I have stated above , traveling individually allows people to easily change and adjust the travel plan instantly as they desire . 
Moreover , the cost of travel is less than that of traveling in a group . 
The personal travel is the best way and more enjoyable .
I totally disagree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts . 
Surely it is useful and nesessary to have knowlege of ideas or concepts when a student claims hisor her ideas . 
However , I do not think studying and understanding them is more important to learn facts . 
I am from Japan . 
I studied the socil democracy and neo liberal in Japan . 
Then I believed Japan need to adapt the policy of socil democracy like many European countries because recently the employment in Japan have been M_unstable although Japanese MNCs have increased thier sales and government has decreased the cooporation tax . 
So I believed the walfare system in Europe is better than American M_small government and M_strong capitalism . 
So I came to Europe to study the politics in Europe . 
However , in Europe I found what I studied in Japan about European society , philosophy and the principle of politics is different from the reality in the society . 
In the theory each person has same right M_under the law but one day I saw the situtations where two black men were rejected by the shop to enter in UK . 
Thier behaviors were not problem at all . 
In Europe I found that if the government try to M_protect the people s lives , people are not independent about thier lives . 
Also people become intolarent to foreigners . 
The society do not tend to give the oppotunity to foreigners because the government or worker unions give much regulations about employments to the companies so that the rate of umemployment in many European countries are higher than the United States or Japan . 
So there is less chance for me . 
Besides , I M_lost many desires to work or study in Europe because many people are so M_easy M_going about life because thier lives are M_protected by the government . 
In addition , at the this christmas vacation , I visited NY . 
Then I felt absolutoly comfortable . 
Because Americans whom I talked with are more used to the different culture so that I could feel I am just one of people . 
Also the society inspired me to work in the United States . 
It was so M_schocking experience for me because when I had studied political philosophy in Japan , I believed that the social democacy is necessary for Japan . 
However , to be honest I feel so uncomfortable in Europe by the facts that I found or experiences that I have learned in Europe . 
So in conclution , I M_strongly disagree with the idea that understanding the concepts or ideas is important than learing the facts . 
I should have studied in the United States not in Europe .
People has differnts ideas about successful whether it is to creat a new things or to do usual work . 
Doing what we already know how to do well does nt make you different and does not make happy comparing with creating new things . 
In my opinion i M_stongly agree that successful is to create new things and take risks for several reasons . 
First of all , it is a great thing to be M_promenet and different than others . 
For example , if some body creates a treatment for Canser and another one does his regular work who is succeede ? . 
Ofcourse the first one because he creates new things which helps sick peapole . 
So this person must be famous and every body wont to work with them . 
In addition , you can M_tase the real successful if you took risks and adventures . 
Person has to love his work to creat new thing and to be succeede indeed . 
By taking risks you learn new useful things that helps you in your life . 
My brother was in running race and he not only won but also created a new recorde number . 
He was very happy to take riskes and score new number . 
Last but not least , trying new things helps you to get more expeirnce and self-cofidence . 
By doing this new things you well be proded and every body loves you . 
In conclosion , i wiil be a dentist and i will create new things for my world because that s the real successful . 
I hate to do my regular work without trying to do new things .
I agree with the statement that it is better for a person to have a M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject . 
Specialization can be a good thing in life , it helps a person to be good at what he does and be effecient in his work . 
However , sometimes if a person chooses to take many academic subjects , it gets interesting . 
Lets say for example , a person takes biology , history and phsycology . 
All this knowledge is a great advantage ! 
It M_leads the person to be more knowledgable , more aware of lots of things and also M_gives a sense of fun . 
Your mind M_expands and M_gets different and interesting information each day M_from different topics . 
Knowledge is a bunch of facts that you M_accquire from experiences and everyday routines . 
knowledge on one thing makes life boring especially for a person who is always curious and wants to learn new things . 
knowledge is M_unlimited , you have M_access to it anytime and anywhere . 
I could choose to know everything about one certain topic but that M_limits my knowledge to that one topic . 
But how about knowing information about different topics ? 
this makes you even more social with different type of people . 
A doctor who knows history gets people astonished . 
They begin to understand the fact that he is good at what he does but also has interest for many other things . 
In high school , i ve always chosen different electives like music , french and also computer lessons . 
I wanted to know more about each or even be good at them like in my major subject . 
It made me feel wise and able to talk to people about alot of subjects . 
I could argue and talk in different areas with different types of people , it gives a good impression and also makes my life interesting to learn new stuff and facts everyday . 
That explains why actors now are M_persuing careers in singing or being leaders of charity acts or organizations . 
They want to try more . 
It s better to have a M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects . 
To learn different facts everyday M_gives M_color to the mind . 
Life is M_short as they say , so M_make M_use of it .
I do not agree nor disagree with the statement . 
I strongly believe there are advantages as well as disadvantages in all M_phases of life , in youth as in old age . 
It is generally agreed that young people M_have strong physical qualities , more energy , and a M_wide range of opportunities potentially available to them : their life is nt M_written yet . 
At the same time , older people are weaker , need medical attention with higher probabilities , and do not M_have many of the choices young people have : because , as you grow older , it becomes M_too M_late to M_seize an increasing number of opportunities , and more M_doors are M_closed , so to speak in particular career-wise . 
For example , if a young woman M_pursuing a career in acting and attending theater classes , is M_struck all of a sudden by a revelation and decides her true vocation is in marine biology , she simply quits theater studies and enrolls into science school . 
Changing your mind like that would not be possible when you re like , say , 40 years old : no matter how hard you work , the M_competition will probably have been M_into your field for 10 or more years than you have , and that kind of M_gap is practically impossible to M_fill . 
So , if you re 40 years old and you ve been , say , a theater actress , you re probably M_bound M_to M_stay that ; or at least , you do nt M_have all the opportunities you d have M_had , had you changed your mind at a younger age : in short , I guess we can safely say that getting old M_reduces the opportunities of successfully changing your career field . 
However , there are clear advantages that go with older age , such as security , reduced uncertainty about the future , the comfort of M_relying on a family of your own , and that feeling of M_safety that having a M_steady job gives you : all this is more likely to happen as age increases . 
It is wise though not to generalize too much : in those countries where the job market does not present high levels of protection , job-security might be low for the old as well as for the young ; and when divorce is a popular behavior , your M_dream of a happy family can be easily M_shattered and M_turn M_into M_a M_nightmare .
I think that learning is an everyday process that is determined by people s attitudes , interests and experiences . 
For this reason i think that a student can increase his knowledge throught different studying methods . 
I think that it is very important for students to have a general knowledge of as many topics and possible . 
Analyzing general topics presented under the form of concept and ideas , it could be a good way to learn new things without having to study every detail of that particular topic . 
This is the case of subjects related to the humanities . 
It is not necessary to learn to exact year in which a particular theory has been developed . 
Simply knowing the period and the concept of a particular theory , it can be useful in every field . 
When studying it is necessary to consider the topic analyzed . 
In fact there are many subjects that can be explained by Professors using main ideas and concepts . 
There is no need to go M_deeper M_exploring all the causes and effects . 
In some courses the Professors only requires a general knowledge of a particular topic . 
On the other hand there are subjects where learning facts is essential . 
Some examples can be historic events . 
Learning the facts is determining in order to increase the knowledge on the topic . 
Scientific disciplines are another example that M_underlining the importance of learning facts , more that general concept . 
Think that when a scientist does an experiment he really need to know about facts . 
To conclude , i think that every subject needs to be treated differently , because i do not think that there is a gerenal rule that determines if it is more important for students to learn from general ideas , than from facts .
I partially agree with the statement . 
I consider it true for a certain kind of products and false for other kind of products . 
I will explain my opinion by M_going through the purpose of advertisement , how it works and some practical examples of how it could actually improve a product or just how it could only make it seem better . 
The purpose of advertisement is to express one or more ideas related to the product that is advertised in order to increase the appreciation of the product and therefore to convince to buy it or eventually just to agree with the M_message the advertismement wants to communicate . 
The final M_image that the advertisement gives about the subject could be true or false , bad or good , but anyway if the product is ment to be just a M_carrier of that M_image or cluster of ideas associated , the advertisement is functional to the improvement of the product . 
Examples of a product meant to M_carry an idea are generally status symbols or fashion products . 
Typically a purse or a very expensive watch have basic functions regarding their original purpose , but these objects are mostly considered for what they look like and the sensation they give due to esthetic values that determine the quality of an M_image : in fact , they could even not be functional but still used ! 
The advertisement M_increases or eventually M_refines the ideas associated with the object so that the M_messages advertised are totally functional with the product . 
Another example for these kind of products are all types of sportswares to which the advertisement gives the impression that by using it the performance would increase . 
Self suggestion in this case actually would increase the performance due to the M_image M_carried by the product . 
Examples of advertisments that make products seem much better than they really are , are those products that do not M_carry M_image importance , but that just need to be functional . 
A simple example could be a set of knives that the advertisement shows to be very M_handy and that cut very well but only beacuse in the demonstration only cooked vegetables were cut . 
Another example could be a tool box set that looks great and M_shiny but is made of M_cheap materials that deform easily upon medium mechanical stress .
In my opinion , I disagree with the idea in the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . 
I d like to give several reasons belows . 
Here is the list of reasons why I think so . 
One specific reason that M_comes readily to mind is that I am able to not only go anywhere with whomever I want to but also change the schedule of travel M_flexiblly by myself if I go to travel individually . 
In traveling to somewhere , I d rather want to go not only very popular place but also such a place where it is not so famous . 
For example , it happened when I went to germany with my family by not a tour . 
After traveling several days in Germany , I went to a small church with my father in early morning . 
Of course I also visit very famous place , for example the church of Kelln , but at that time , I was so impressed by the beauty of that small church . 
It is one of the greatest experience for me during my stay in Germany . 
Like this , Of course visiting famous place by a tour group is good , but I want to go to a place which is not presented by a tour guide . 
I think that tour group tend to visit only popular place . 
Secoundly , I can be excited by planning a tour itself . 
When I travel to somewhere , I always M_take long hours for planning and organizing the schedule of trip . 
I d like to consider how I will go round , where I will go and so on . 
I can learn the geographic condition of a place or the weather pattern of a place by planning by myself . 
It s preferable for me . 
Planning travel is very exiciting activity . 
If I went to a trip by a tour group , I would not be able to plan on any schedule because a tour guide must make overall plan . 
Of course , I ca nt deny that there should exist some advantages in traveling by a tour group . 
If we travel by a tour group , we can receive detail explanation about some histrical heritage or cultural things . 
And we may go a place where we ca nt find by ourself because a tour guide is a proffesional and he or she must knows well about sightseeing M_spot than us . 
This idea may make an equally valid argument for the opposite position . 
But on careful consideration , I M_strongly believe that advantageas M_brought by traveling individually must exceed those by traveling by a tour group . 
Considering all of the above factors , of course there are some advantages in traveling by a tour group , I find more advantages in making a trip individually . 
Actually , I tend to change my schedule many times during my trip inherently , I think my M_nature does nt M_fit the trip by a tour group . 
Trip that I can change the schedule M_flexiblly is M_far more fascinating for me .
I claim that most advertisement M_pushs much M_higher M_level than they really are . 
In these days , you can see ads everywhere around ; on a highway , on a street , in your living room , e .g . 
TV , radio , computer . 
We are M_surronded by so many ads , but how many of them did you really see or read or examine carefully ? 
Now you see many people are working professionally just for ad industry . 
Advertisements usually have much less information than the product really has . 
It used to be the case where there are M_tons of text on the poster or newspaper ads . 
However , some newspaper said out that people usually do nt bother to read much text on ads because we are lazy and busy on everyday s life . 
Nowadays you can find dod . 
com adress for further ditailed information for those who really interested . 
Unfortunately , that can mean advertisements does nt have to provide enough information on them . 
They can say only good things about the prodoct . 
It is obvious that there are many professional firms just for advertisement . 
They are really professional and they have been in business many years , so they know many techniques like how to M_attract people , how to entertain people by sound and M_cool M_cutting-edge computer graphic hollywood made visuals and so forth . 
Who would like to make the product worse ? 
It is no doubt that they are working to try to make products look better in order to convince potencial custemer to buy those products . 
In fact , that may cause some troubles where they could provide untrue information . 
As I wrote above , most advertisements are made by true professional creaters and looking , sounding , entertaining really good . 
The thing is people have to be really careful about the information provided about many ads in these days .
I do agree with the opinion expressed in the statement . 
In every day life is it possible to hear statements like that . 
Simple statements not M_deriving for philosophical thoughts , just simple expressions of every day life s observation . 
I think that is possible to explain such a cliche giving some examples that truly confirm the point . 
Young people M_have more time than adults to enjoy their life . 
Usually young people go to school and M_have the opportunity to meet people of their age . 
Sharing school-time make young people eager to play sports together , to go out at night together and enjoy life . 
Adults usually have to think of their families , they usually work to earn the money necessary to feed their children and so they M_have M_less time to do what they want . 
Adults actually do not M_have time to enjoy life . 
Even if the adult is a rich person he M_has not the possibility to organize his life independently of his or her responsabilities . 
As you become older you have more to accomplish in order to respect what people expect from you . 
What I have just written could be contrasted adfirming that young people enjoy life because they do not know what life is . 
Young people can not M_see the M_hidden difficulties that everyone experiences in his life . 
But we all know that sometimes is good not to know everything . 
I could give also a personal example , when I was Ichild life seemed easy to me , I thought that could become everybody I wanted to , but now I know that real life is different . 
To M_reach want you want to M_reach you need to M_forget sometimes friends , sports , and all other things that could help enjoing life . 
As we all know , It is necessary for an adult person to M_find in his accomplishments and in his work the M_sources of life enjoyment . 
If an adult learns to understand which are the important things in his life then he or she will enjoy life .
Some people say that young people enjoy life more than older people do . 
However , where I live , older people are very healthy and acitive than they used to . 
In my opinion , older people enjoy more life than younger people do . 
The first reason of this is that because older people M_have more time and money than their couterparts , they can do a lot of activities they want to . 
For example , my parents are both retired . 
They M_have a lot of M_free time than I M_have . 
In addition , they worked for more than 35 years , so they have a large amount of money they can spend . 
That s why they travel almost once a month across my country and they have already visited all the prefectuers in my country . 
On the contrary , I have to work every day and I M_have M_less M_available time and money since I got a job last year . 
I was not able to go somewhere even in summer vacation . 
Another reason is that young people M_have more concerns about their futures , compared to the optimistic opinions showed by older people , which M_leads to the young people s negative ideas about their lives in general . 
One illustration that makes this clear is that most of the young people concerns about their pensions they will receive in the future . 
Now that the aging society in my country is getting serious , young people may not receive enough money to live M_on after their retirement . 
Therefore , most of them have to save money for their future lives and they can not afford to enjoy their present lives . 
My consideration with respect to the M_available time and money as well as the negative ideas about future lives , I think that older people enjoy life more than younger people do .
I personally diagree with the statement that says that young people do not M_give enough time to their communities . 
I disagree with it because it is a very general statment and it is a typical stereotype and categorizing of young people . 
In addition to that the statment is a non credible statement because it is abviouly M_based M_on personal opinion rather than on facts , since it is not M_supported by statistics or any menaingfull numbers . 
The statment M_carries alot of M_hidden meaning or even insults to young people because it M_pictures them as selfish people who does nt care about their community . 
Not only that but it also indirectly indicates that young people are irresponsible people who do not positively M_contribut in their communities , and are not M_activeusefull members of their own community . 
In addition to that , the statment that has been made against young people is a very general statment , since not all young people do not M_give enough time to their communities . 
There are some young people who are M_addicted to charity work , and who M_dedicates a lot of their time in helping improve their community and in helping others . 
Thus we ca nt generalize . 
I also disagree with such a statement because i personally think that it is a M_weak statment becaue it is not M_supported by any kind of eveidence such as a survey , statistics , or any meaning full numbers . 
To me this statement is just like M_throwing accusasions M_on others . 
such statments are not acceptable to me not only because i disagree witth this particular statment but because if i accepted such stereotypes it means that i might as well accept other stereotypes . 
And by doing that i ll be encouraging stereotypes that might be more M_serious or even M_dangerous and that might seriouly affcet our society , community , or even the way or even the quality of our living .
At a first sight , it can be inferred that young people show no interest in helping their community and that they seem to have become more ego-directed , in order to prevent themselves from the duties that a society is M_asking them . 
A likely explanations might be that to help the community is no more seen as convenient as it used to be , as it is not M_rewarded enough . 
Young people do nt feel this as a duty , and think that the world would probably M_go M_on without no help from them . 
Furthermore , young people seem to live for the present moment and not for the future , almost as they feel that the duties toward a society will not effect their own future , or the future of next generations . 
But is most of the youngers seem to share these opinion , it is absolutely not true for all . 
Some of them , who are likely grown up with M_strong ideals and a M_steady sense of tradition , still continue to M_putting their efforts to helping their community . 
It might be that people living in small towns are easily influenced and M_touched by community problems . 
Is not unusual for them to be prepared in helping because of the surroundings where they live in . 
I would nt say that youngers living in the cities are not able to do that , on he contrary , thanks to M_devices provided by the city , they can easily help communities if they are interested in . 
Compared to few decades ago , the modern society we are living in has , with no doubt , M_passed M_through a huge number of changings . 
Given that , it s hard to say which of them has really M_brought an improvement or a decrease in the quality of everyday life . 
What is certainly true is that young people summerize the most important and common features of a society .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they alerady know how to do well . 
Because success is usually associated with new things and risk-taking , although some successful possibility is in what s already been know to do . 
If you want to succeed , you have to M_get attention and M_attract people , and you have to M_get M_out M_of the old and current tendencies . 
First of all , trying new things might be risky to succeed ; however . 
when you think of big business , you have to be imaginative and creative about what will be the next trend in the society and what people need . 
People always want to try new things and keep the good things about new ; therefore , doing something what have already known or done will not change your life drastically . 
You do nt want to reapeat the same things that someone have done before . 
That is not the demand of people . 
They need something new , exciting , and amusing . 
If you want to succeed , you need to try new things . 
In addition to the new things , you take risks if you want to succeed because taking risks will be always along with trying new things . 
Although you are not sure if this will be accepted among people or not , as long as you are in the M_secured M_fields which have already known or done , you will never get a chance to succeed , or you will have less oppotunities to succeed . 
Taking risks sometimes might cause a M_big M_damage , but it might give you a M_huge success in your life . 
Therefore , trying new things and taking risks are always together , and they are something people have to M_follow if they want to be successful . 
All in all , there are so many successful people who try new things and take risks , and it is important for people who want to succeed to t
It is not easy to say which is the better M_approach , but I personally do not agree with the statement , because I think that a M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects is not as good as specializing in one specific subject . 
I say this for two main reasons . 
The first reason is that it is more practical for students . 
I mean , if you can M_concentrate on one subject it will be easier for you to learn lots of things on that subject and you will be able to become prepared . 
But when I say more practical I refer also to the fact that studing one subject instead of more than one is good for the student s M_path . 
I mean , once a student has M_entered the subject he should know what that subject requires , what the important M_aspects are and he would be able to organise his studies in the best way . 
M_aintaining your mind M_open to a lot of subjects is a big effort . 
It is true that M_keep your mind M_open could be a good thing , M_giving you a M_wide range of knowledge , but the question is if this knowledge will be useful in your future . 
This question brings me to expose the second reason that supports my opinion . 
I argue that specialising will be useful for working . 
Companies , or institutions , usually do not hire people who have a generalistic M_approach , that know a lot of things , but that remain on the M_surface of them . 
Companies require people to be expert M_in something and to become an expert you have to M_get M_into things , to M_discover all the M_aspects , to prevent all the problems . 
As for my personal experience I have to say that I m in a class with a very generalistic M_approach and I think it is not good . 
I m glad that I ve got a M_solid basic culural background , but I am sincerely worried about my future . 
You could ask me why I am in such a class and the answer would be that I do not know . 
When I chose my class I thougth it was more specialistic , but I was wrong , but I think to be lucky as well because I had the opportunity to attend lots of intersting courses and to meet lots of good professors .
It is a fact that if the students do not understand a concept and do not understand the ideas , the things M_surrounded by them would not make any sense and there wouldl be a confusion . 
At the same time , it is also important to learn facts whihch make the things real to the students and students can easily M_visualize the things and can develope their own thoughts and ideas . 
I had an experence related to how important it is learn the fact than understanding ideas and concepts ; therefore I disagree with the statement . 
When the student can M_see the fact , they can accept a reality they M_face , M_develope their ideas and think M_deely and as the result , they will be more independent . 
Before I had a situation to do a lab experminent in my chemistry class , my teacher taught us what the purpose of the experminet and explained the M_steps but it was not realy helpful for me to M_visualize what I suppose to do . 
The lab was not M_appeal to me and I found it was boring becasue I could not use my thoughs to think M_deeply . 
I thought It was really M_passive way of leaning . 
Then , in my physics class , the other showed me the lab in front of the class and told us the all the facts what is happening in a real life which is realted to this experminent . 
I could accept the rality of the lab really easily that time . 
I was able to think M_beyond the physics experminent . 
I also could use my imagination and so my thoughs got really M_deep . 
Form my prsonal experience , I found it was much better to learn facts as my attitude gets more M_active and more independent from what the teacher teaches me a concept . 
I can learn ideas and concepts from text books , so I think it is really important for the sudents to M_activate their minds and learn the facts .
I believe that the young people nowadays are at least trying to M_give enough time to help their communities . 
It seems as if we are not helping at all because we do not M_have enough time in our lives to M_fully commit M_a M_hundred M_percent M_of ourselves in the service . 
However , we can help others M_little M_by M_litte . 
What are our communities anyway ? 
Are they countries or neighbors ? 
At least my school , American School In Japan , M_focuses on service to our communities , both countries and neighbors . 
I recently joined a club in my school called Sok Sabay , which M_supports cambodian orphanages to provide home and food supply . 
It is a non-profit organization and all of our profits that we make as a club goes M_straight to the shelter in Cambodia . 
We sometimes collect clothes , pencils , toys , and books for children and send them . 
Then we get thanks letters from those children , which is are primary source of our happiness and motivation for commitment in the club . 
Sok Sabay is not the only non-profit organization in my school . 
There are Habitat for Humanity , Phillipine Relief Organization , and UNICEF . 
Most of the students join in one of those clubs , and some of them even join in all of them . 
Although we are M_busy M_with our lives , we do try to somehow be in M_part of the service program for other countries . 
I am also in National Honor Society , which M_strongly M_focuses on service program , especially towards our neighbor communities . 
We make rice balls for homeless people on the weekends , and visit orphanage shelter about once a month . 
Although it is optional to attend those acitives , most of the members of NHS help willingly . 
We also M_support the Runnathon acitivity once a year with American Club . 
Moreover , we have meetings almost every week to M_keep M_in our minds that we are NHS members and it is necessary to think about the issues of service programs . 
We M_actively help and M_support our neighbors . 
Although there are young people who do not care about others at all , I believe that people in my school are different . 
We know somehow that we should be in M_part of some services , or at least think about it . 
I do not believe in necessity of M_having enough time for service . 
Nothing is enough , therefore , we need to keep reminding ourselves that taking an action worths while . 
Even a M_little action can help someone , and that is how my school M_builds the sense of service towards others .
If I can choose the answer whether I agree or disagree with that the best way is in a groop led by tour guide . 
I definetly choose the answer that I disaggree with the statment . 
I would not like travel by a tour guide . 
Folowing I will take specific reasons why I dislike trabeling by tour guide . 
First , there is great M_restriction of time if he or she travel in groupe by a tour guide . 
In my case , Now I works very hard in daytime and I might be ordered M_accidently by the boss to work horiday . 
So as is often to the case with traveling is in a grop by a tour guide , when to travel and where to trabel is already detamined and is not available for me . 
Therefore , I prefer to trabel alone or with few friend by M_coordinating easy to M_suit my own work time . 
Second reason I dislike traveling by a tour guide is that guiding can decrease opportunities to communicate people in the destination by using foregin language . 
Usually , a tour guide can some foregin language and in travel , a guide translate foreing language of destinations and we do not have to use foreign language . 
That is nonsense for me because I want to study foreign langage especially in my travel . 
I beleive that traveling alone , without tour guide is good for improve my speaking foregin langrages . 
Last , if I travel abroad alone without a tour guide , I can M_discover something in my travel with my oun effort . 
That is presure for me ! 
All above of that , I prefer traveling alone or with few friends to traveling in a group by a tour guide . 
Of course , There are some advantages of traveling in a group . 
For example , The price of traveling tends to be lower and more economical if we choose traveling in a group . 
But , as I take all above of that . , in my opinion , advatntages of traveling alone withotut guide is much greater than these of traveling in a group led by a tour guide .
I disagree with the idea of a society M_formed by selfish young people . 
It s not completely true . 
It depends on their family , their friends and their social background . 
Indeed , if you lived in a family where your parents think only about themselves because they are M_concentrated only on their job , it would be difficult to think helping the communities . 
In this case , the son or the daughter usually thinks about her or his studies , toys , things , goods and not about the others who can need their help . 
If I lived in a different family where my parents have taught me to help other people and also animals , the matter would change . 
We can start also from our home and our daily routine . 
If I taught my son that it s important to help me doing something , he could do the same in other occasions when he is not at home . 
If my son stayed at home in front of tv all the day and I said nothing about that , it could be negative for his sense of help and responsabilities . 
So all begins from the education . 
The education to help someone is the M_basis . 
It does nt depend on young people but on their education . 
I have met in my life a lot of interesting young people who help every day their friends or people in need . 
They always M_belong to a catholic society or M_have many M_strong values such as family , love , friendship , M_sacrifice and so on . 
They always believe in something : God or politic values . 
Or they believe in some utopistic theory such as communism . 
I never met generous and unselfish young people without M_strong values . 
So where young people are not interested to help their communities is where there is a M_lack of important values . 
I believe in some M_strong catholic values and I try in my M_free time to help other people in differrent ways . 
I m a teacher and I work in some cases without earning in order to help some poor people . 
There is another important point and it always depends on education : young people sometimes have too many hobbies and appointments in a day and so there is no time M_left for helping people . 
If a parent prohibited this kind of day routine , young people could be less busy and they could M_have more available time to help others in need . 
In conclusion , in the souls of young people , there is the desire to help the communities and the adults have to help them to do that .
I agree with this statement . 
In fact , I m sure that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . 
Everyone knows about the M_catastrophic consequences M_deriving from pollution . 
For example , our planet is becoming warmer and warmer and the sea level increased rapidly in the last few years . 
I think that pollution is a great problem , but I believe that we can do something in order to M_save the earth . 
What can we do ? 
We can prefer public transport , such as buses or metros , to cars . 
For instance , every day I go to university on foot . 
It s a good attitude , because I can have some phisical movement , I can meet friends on my way , I can stop for a while to buy a newspaper and , most of all , I can enjoy my city . 
I relax when I go out for a walk and I suggest that you try to do the same thing . 
So , I suggest that you prefer ecological means of transport in order to M_respect our planet and to M_defend it from pollution . 
Public transport is less expensive than cars , so that you can spend that money in other ways . 
Moreover , through buses you can socialize , you can M_share the travel with others or , if you are lucky , you can meet interesting people on your path . 
For example , last week , while I was coming back home , I met Giovanni Sartori , an Italian writer . 
I was very surprised ! 
I asked him some question about his latest work , called La mala costituzione . 
He told me that he prefers taking the bus because it helps him to feel M_close to M_common people . 
I agree with this idea , because I think that through public transport you can share , not only a travel , but also feelings and emotions . 
In conclusion , I suggest that you M_abandon you cars and you start taking buses for three simple reasons : first of all , you can contribute to save the planet from pollution ; secondly , buses are cheaper than cars ; finally doing so , you can enjoy the atmosphere of your city .
When people plane travel some of them prefer to travel in agroup lrd by a tout guide , while some of them prefer to travel idividually . 
In my opinion the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide . 
First when you travel in a group led by a tour guide , you will not M_take the risk and the tour guide will help in lot of things . 
of course the tour guide will be an expert person knowing his or her job very well . 
So there will M_clear day by day program . 
The tour guide will know the area , which to be visited , very well . 
He or she know where the histrical places in the area , the parks , the resturants , and all the important places around the area . 
Even the tour guide know where are the goverment offices and hospital in case of any emergency . 
All this will let the traveler to M_relax and enjoy his time and not to concentrate on the details of the trip and M_avoid the M_hassle . 
Second when you travel in a group led by a tour guide it will be M_golden opportunity to know different people from different places and this may led to make friendship and as there is tour guide there is more time for this kind of relationship . 
Even these frindship can continue after the trip through the e . 
mails and the phones conversations . 
These kind of trip some times cuold be a chance for some people to find their life partner . 
Last by traveling in a group always you will find some people with you durring the bad times and durring the good times and it will be a chance to help people as been help by other peop Upon all the above poins traveling in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel in my opinon
I do not agree with this opinion because of these three reasons ; expenses to have a tour guide , not being able to communicate with local residents , and not being able to learn M_taking resposobilities and the real M_side of the place . 
First , it is expensive to have a tour guide compared to M_taking a trip on your own or in a group . 
It is not nessesary to worry about the cost if the person is rich , however not very many people would like to speand too much money just on traveling because it is also important to spend money on souveniours or on the food . 
Therefore it is not nessesary to have a tour guide . 
Second , it is hard to communicate with local residents with a tour guide . 
When M_taking a trip , it is a great opportunity to talk to the local residents because they may be able to tell you where good restaurants are or nice places where local people only know . 
Also , when traveling a foreign country , it is fun using a foreign language . 
If you are traveling with a tour guide and he or she always does things for you , you might M_lose these opportunities . 
Third , the tour with a tour gude in a group can be fun with no learning and responsibilities . 
M_Taking trips can be a learning place . 
You can learn about the people , culture , M_atomosphere , and the language where you visit . 
When you are with a tour guide , you will only listen to the tour guide and your friend in the group , therefore these learning opportunities decrease compared to M_taking trips without a tour guide . 
Also you will be dependant on the tour gide so that you will not be able to learn as much as traveking alone . 
Let s travel alone ! 
You may be scared to travel alone , however there are so many things you can learn by M_taking trips on your own . 
It is cheap to M_take trips without a tour guide and fun to get to know the local residents . 
You will also be able to learn many things by traveling alone . 
Again , I do not agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
A key to answer to this question is to think about the different pourposes of study . 
Certainly , a specialization in a specific academic topic is essential to do any research . 
First because the specialization brings to a more M_deep knowledge , and then to a better comprehension . 
Besides , if you want to say any orginal thing concerning a subject , you will have to know almost all has already been done or written . 
In this sense , a M_focalized study is foundamental . 
On the other hand , if you want to reasearch , a M_broad knowledge is surely useful . 
Your mind will be more M_open , and M_outside of your topic you will M_find diffent approach to problems that can help you . 
You will may also M_bring ideas M_from other M_fields to your specific one . 
You will be able to use the analogy to resolve you problems , that is a very M_powerful method . 
From these observations , is surely better not to specialize . 
If the pourpose of the study is merely to stay in the world with more M_instruments , a person that has studied many different topics will be more cultured . 
So he or she will be in a better position than anyone that has nt studied or that has studied only one thing . 
It will also be more difficult to betray him or her . 
Whatever are your pousposes , if you do nt stop studying , you will be always curious , and your brain will always be M_active . 
Concernig this , there two other reasons that support the idea of not to M_restrict the M_fields of interest . 
Once you have read all has been written on you topic , will you be able to start studying a different subject , or , on the contrary , you wo nt ? 
It is known that any different topic involves a different M_part of brain ; it is vital for the development of the M_whole brain not to specialize , but to learn about very different subjects , like music , literature , sciences . 
On conclusion , is better not to M_spend all you efforts on only one topic , but to study how much subjects as you can . 
It will help you in your work , in your life , and will M_keep M_safe longer your brain .
I do agree that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
This is because by thinking about myself and friends M_around me , I can not find many young people , who are interacted to the community a lot . 
I believe this culture change is happening worldwide and considered it is usual these days . 
When my grandparents are young , they said they remembered that their parents were interacting with the community M_deeply and felt normanl that they had to live in that way . 
At the time when my grandparents are little , the Wordl War II was happening therefore , M_strong M_bond in the community was needed more than nowadays . 
Young teenagers were there to look after the little children and help the old people . 
That was something they all had to do in order to survive . 
However , as the war ended and my parent s generation was born , there was not so much situations needed for people to M_stick together because that was the only way to survive . 
My parent s said that they remember that their parent s tell them to care about community and help them since that is how their parent s grew up but my parent s said that they never really understood why . 
I also do not remember my parents teaching me to M_interact with community and M_spend time for it . 
This can be because in my 17 years of life , I moved more than 10 times because of my father s job and every time I moved to new community , it was hard for our family to join easily . 
So we were kind of giving up on this kind of culture . 
Even if the person never moved around so much , I believe not many people like to interact with community because people became M_colder about the M_connection with different people . 
In western and some parts of eastern countries , the cultural change in religion was also significance to this change . 
In old days , religion was M_strict and if you are christian , you had to attend to mass every Sunday . 
However , nowadays , attending to mass is quite free and not many people critisises you if you do not attend to the mass . 
However , it does not mean that M_spending time for community is M_wastful because people are acting in this way . 
Human beings can not live without interacting each other and it is very imporant to be a well being and help each other without benefits . 
It is very sad that nowadays young people are not M_spending enough time for community and for our future , we should M_connect with people more and M_create M_comfortable community .
I totally agree the statmentYoung people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
I will evaluate with the following paragraphs . 
Before I tell you my reasons , I state that what is mean by helping communities . 
For me it is working in society in your M_own time by free which means Volunteer . 
First of all nowadays young people have a lot of things to do in school . 
For example a small test everyday , big exam onece a month and Leaving certificate for end of the school which is really important for the colleage . 
What I mean is the young people must study for them and which M_takes enough a lot of time . 
Hence it is difficult to M_have time for comminties . 
The second reason is there is so many ways to M_having fun at the weekend . 
In the past there were no Prikura machinne taking pictures of yourself and freinds . , Shopping , Game Center and Disco . 
They are very popular for young people . 
Hence they are much prefer to do them instead of helping comunties . 
Also in my opinion young people have an imagie for community which is too hard . 
They care more about their fashion , the points in school , Celeblities , gosships and all . 
They never interested in the real societies . 
As you can see the society and people has been cahnged . 
In other words young people have things to do for themselves . 
Although I know that they are selfish and ridiculous opinions but that is why i beleive young people nowdays do not M_give enough yimr y
If we look at official statistics of the industrialised and developing world , we immediately realize that the number of cars has been constantly increasing over time . 
In some cases the M_growth rate has increased too . 
Therefore I would be M_tempted to say that I disagree with statement . 
However , a more careful analysis should be performed . 
For instance , we should take into account that public transports have become a must in several cities in the world because parking space is limited and there is so much traffic that it would be impossible to arrive at work on time if people went by car . 
A lot of countries have given a lot of incentives towards more environment-friendly means of transportation such as gas or electricity-powered ones , reducing the price for tickets . 
At the same time a charge has to be paid to enter the center of a lot cities . 
Therefore there are M_elements that could certainly discourage the use of private cars and encourage the use of public transports . 
Up to here , we have talked about the use of public transports within cities , but similar arguments could be made for long-distance journeys . 
Low-cost airlines have M_spread M_out throughout all Europe . 
High-speed railways are being built and there are a lot of high speed trains already in operations in Japan . 
All these technologies M_responds to a particular need , that is the possibility of moving faster from one town to another in a very short period of time . 
This , for obvious reasons , can not be M_achieved by using a private car . 
For instance , in order to come and take this test I took a high-speed train from Naples to Rome which M_takes only one hour . 
Hence , I did not have to wake up too early this morning , I took the underground , and the train , then the underground in Rome . 
I had no parking problems at all and this evening I can attend my best friend s birthday party back in Naples . 
Probably , by using my own car this would have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible . 
In conclusion , if I M_follow M_the M_line of reasoning above I have to agree with the statement . 
Using alternative means of transportation to cars is more M_comfortable in many occasions and it is becoming more and more M_comfortable over time , then the number of cars should decrease in twenty years .
In this essay I m going to write about my opinion in the best way to travel is in a group leader by a tour guide , and I think that this is the best way to travel because when you travel alone to a city you dont know very well or it s the first time for you there you do nt places in the city as a tour guide . 
To travel with a tour guide is very important because the tour guide know enerything in the city and he knows where is the torist places and where is the shops , museums , restaurant , hotels and alot more things , for example if you travel to a city for the first time and you do nt know about it you wont know where to go and you do nt know where is the tourists places in the city for and where is the good restaurants and museums and it well M_take you alot of time to know it but if you go with a tour guide he well take to the interesting places in the city and he will explain for you every thing about the city but if you travel alone you wont know where is the inteseting places in the city and also when you go to a country that dont speak your languge who can you talk to the people who can you reed the sings with out the tour guide you
Although it is good to specialize in one subject , I agree with the opinion that people have to have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects . 
First , even if you are interested in that one subject you study , you had better to M_see other subjects . 
M_Seeing other M_ranges will be helpful to M_enlarge your knowledge . 
If you M_see many things and read many kinds of books , your brain and feelings will be M_soft and you can learn more things than before . 
Secondly , it will also help you to make it sure what you have learned . 
In one way , you can not know what is correct or not because your M_sight is M_narrow and M_small . 
If you learned something about the one specific subject , you can not say that in other subject the same . 
You have to M_see it M_from many M_ways or you can not judge it . 
And also , all academic subjects M_connect to each subject . 
We exist in this world and many materials exist together in a complex way as well . 
Although each subject might look different at all , in fact , they are M_telling us about this world . 
Unexpectedly , all subjects are same things . 
In sum , I support the opinion that it is better to have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects with those three reasons after all .
Nowadays , it is common that young people are always M_away from , responsibility , self management , self motivation and beeing a caretaker . 
some people believe that it is a M_phase for them and after it they will recognize what is the right thing . 
i believe that young people are not helping to thier communities because of many reasons . 
First , they are not well M_grown M_up by their families , it is the perents problem , there was no M_touch between perents and their childeren , in another word we can say careless problem . 
the previous situatuation will deffinetly M_lead to unsatisfied person who will not care of any thing other than him self . 
Second , bad friends , it is serious problem , and i experienced this situation , believe me it is a natural thing that young people are always want to know , try and see new things . 
it is the nature of the humen , but this intrest need to be M_directed in the right M_way but unfortunetlly the same can be M_directed by some people whom not civilized . 
Third , The M_free time , M_fullfilling the time with useful and benificial things like Sports , Studying and working job are important to young people , it M_builds their feeling of responsibility , enhanse their feeling of ownership and improve their personality . 
In conclusion , if the young people are well M_raised M_up , good friend selected for them and M_spending free in useful and productive works , iam sure that they will be really helpful to their community , but so far every body see that the above are not happenning .
Cars have been the means of transportation around the world for centuries . 
It is no doubt that the car is a major M_part of many peoples lives . 
So will there be fewer cars in use twenty years from now ? 
Well , I think that the car will very much be present twenty years from now and probably with more users then ever , with a few changes to the car s functions and design of course . 
I think that the car will change greatly over a twenty year period . 
Resulting in a M_burst of popularlity with many individuals around the world . 
I think that many of the functions of the cars will be changed as well . 
I think that the car , twenty years from now will use electric fuel not gasoline . 
I think this because there are many problems arising around the world regarding the price of gasoline . 
Not only is the price of gasoline expensive but it is also M_destroying the atmosphere , resulting in global warming . 
I feel that the car industry will thus , M_shift M_its M_vision on cars from gasoline to highly productive , well-made electric cars . 
These electric cars will not only M_run on small amounts of electricity , but it will also have no exhaust pollution , creating a better and cleaner environment . 
It is because that I think these changes will occur that I say that the number of cars will not diminish in the future . 
I feel that with the environmentally M_friendly benefits and with the M_attachment that society already has on cars will make people keep riding cars . 
I also think that there will not be fewer cars in twenty years because I think that many people in many socities are very M_attached to the car . 
It is not a mere transportation vehicle , but it is a part of tradition to drive a car in many countries . 
For example , it is a tradition to get your drivers license when you turn the age of 16 in America . 
Also it is a M_sign of wealth in many countries to own a car in many countries , such as China . 
Therefore , I feel that there will not be a decline in the use of cars because ; by M_losing the car you will M_lose many traditions , and traditions are a part of culture . 
So it is hard for me to think that the human race would M_diminish an entire M_part of culture from there lives within a short period of twenty years . 
The M_attachment to cars by the human society and the possiblity to alter cars to better suit the needs of the environment and the people , make me conclude that the usage of cars will not decline in twenty years .
I do not agree with the statement expressing the idea that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , and this for a variety of reasons . 
In the first place modern city planning is partially M_leading toward a M_horizontal , M_spread-out model of contemporary metropolitan areas . 
Examples of this trend are urban developments of cities like Los Angeles , Mexico City and San Paolo , which have M_spread M_over vast areas . 
This tipe of city M_growth is going to enhance the importance of the car in everyday life , as long as we need to take the freeway to go to the grocery store . 
Moreover I do not see changes in culture that would cause people to buy fewer cars . 
In fact cars are also important to plan our days as we want to ; so that even if it was more and more difficult to afford them , they would be still used because they would enable us to be more independent with what we want to do and when we want to do it compared to public transportation . 
Cars are also a status M_symbol , and people are going to buy them not only because they are useful , but also because they can show theit status by ownig a particular kind of car . 
It is extremely important for us to move , and be where we want to be at the convenient time . 
Cars and modern means of transportation such as buses and cheap flights allow us a M_grade of freedom in time and space that was not even dreamed in other eras , and this is not going to stop . 
Plus , cars can M_give us freedom of movement combined with independency from other - except in traffic M_jams . 
This in my opinion is the reason why the number of cars circulating is not going to M_shrink in the M_close future .
A lecture may be a useful , but boring way to teach a person about a country or a city . 
Travelling , on the other hand , is a very unique way to learn because people M_gain the knowledge while having fun . 
Not only does it M_teach about a historical aspect or a specific condition in the country or city , but it also M_gives the people the opportunity to live within what they are learning , and to actually be able to see , feel and even touch what they are learning about . 
A person , however , can not learn just by seeing or being in the place ; the best way to M_get M_the M_most M_out M_of the travel is to travel in a group led by a tour guide . 
A tour guide is an expert who will M_give all the interesting historical , technological and even social facts and beauties of the place a person visits . 
It is more fun if you listen to a person talking than just reading a book or asking people . 
A tour guide will show you places you may not be able to reach or know about by yourself . 
Also , if you have any questions about anything in a trip , the tour guide is a person who is already there to help you . 
Travelling with a tour guide and a group is much safer than traveling alone , especially if it is a place not M_familiar or is not being visited before by the traveller . 
There is a lesser chance for a person to get lost in a new place if the person was with a group led by a tour guide . 
The place may also be dangerous , such as theft or kidnapping . 
When you are with a group and a tour guide , it is less likely for you to be kidnapped or rubbed . 
And so , traveling alone may be fun , but the consequences of it can be dangerous or less useful for the individual . 
However , traveling with a group and a tour guide is both a fun means and an affective way of M_gaining knowledge .
For me , it is better to have a specialize in one specific subject than having M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects because it is easier for normal human study one subject and M_spend his time on it . 
People who prefare studying one languages sue do nt M_have time for that because there is many things in life M_take aolt of human s time . 
One reason that a human could have amny social prblems make him confused and not M_consetrating on his studying so it is better for him to study one subject . 
Also studying one subject make human sucsessful in what he is studying . 
For eaxample , if a person studied business administration and M_spend all his time and energy for it he will became amazing in his career and job . 
If he had a little time he could take some courses of any thing he likes . 
On the other hand , having M_broad knowledge it s may be good to haver a well informations about many things in this life but i disagree to have many knowledge of many academic subjects because it is M_wasting for time espcially if the person has a familly and childrens , it would be difficult for him to take care of his family and his studying at the same time . 
the family need time to M_spend with because it s the main ting in this life and M_from the good family M_grow good peple . 
But when one of the perents do nt M_have time for thier family that would M_reflect in a negative way at childrens . 
So studying one subject would allow person to M_have time for his own life and take care of it . 
So having one thing to study is better for the peaon him self also better for the country he live in . 
I think having one subject to so study or not , well ... 
that depends in person s personality in his life and his scadule . 
Each person has his own idea .
I believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because using cars could pollute the environment and makes people have less oppotunities to exercise . 
Using cars could M_hurm and M_reduce nature that we live in and is essential for us to live . 
As a lot of people know , driving cars could make CO2 , which is found to raise the temperature of earth . 
In the fact , CO2 is considered as one of fron gas that could cause M_Greenhouse Effect . 
This is a effect that fron gases that we use in our every day lives M_cover the earth and prevent it from releasing the heat from the sun to the space . 
It is the fact that the the temperature of the surface of the earth is more and more raisig today , which already causes floods or droughts . 
The act that is producing CO2 is actually said that driving car , so if use keep using them and producing CO2 , we do not know how much it is going to affect on the environment negatively . 
Therefore , we have to come up with better rides other than cars . 
More and more people have less oppotunities to exercise because of cars . 
Nowadays , there are lot of people who do not exercise enough and who eat M_junk food like humbergers or pizza . 
I understand that poeople are too busy working or going to schools beacuse they have to earm money for their families and to study to learn a lot of things which are good for them . 
However , eating M_junk food and not exercising surely M_kill themselves . 
I know a person who uses his car when he goes to a grocery store to get food although it is just 5 minutes far from his house . 
I M_strongly think that he can walk , no , he has to walk . 
If everybody rides a car wherever he or she goes , they are surely going to be M_out M_of M_shape and get diseases like heart attack or diabetes . 
I blieve that we should use less cars and walk or ride bicyles if the directions are not so far away from we we are . 
There are two reasons why people use leass car . 
One is that using car could M_harm the earth because of CO2 that car produce . 
The other one is because using cars make people have less oppotunities to exercise .
Even though sometimes , in particular when traveling for a short amount of time , being in an organized group with a guide can be more effective , I generally prefer to travel on my own . 
The main reason why I like traveling is the fact that it provides an opportunity to be close to very different people , learn a language and eat new , unusual food . 
In summary , to experience a different culture . 
When you travel in a group , you often M_end M_up with people from your country , who speak your language and want to eat known food , in known places . 
Also , tour guides generally M_focus on the typical tourist M_attractions , because that s what most people are interested in . 
This is almost the exact opposite of what I am looking for when I travel . 
I like to read books about my destination before I travel , so that by the time I am there , I already have a M_rough mental plan of what I would like to see . 
Doing so offers much more M_flexibility than traveling in a group . 
You can choose exactly where to go and when , regardless of what the majority considers interesting . 
Some people like to visit churches , others museums or even shopping malls . 
When you travel in a group you almost always have to find a compromise and rarely M_end M_up being completely satisfied . 
My M_dream vacation includes plenty of time to wander the streets of a new city , without the help of someone who already knows the place . 
I like to get lost in interesting streets , to try to interact with local people and to see how they walk , shop and talk in their own country . 
Even when I am not fluent in the local language , I always do my best to use as many words and expressions as possible . 
I find it much more satisfying , than just using English or Italian , my mother tongue . 
Based on my experience , I also believe that people react much better when they see that you are traveling on your own and that you M_respect their culture and try to M_blend M_in , instead of being in a large group , looking at them through the reassuring cultural M_lens of a guide , as if they were M_exotic M_animals M_in M_a M_zoo .
Although old people are more mature than young persons and they have more money than them to make lots of interesting plans in life like traveling going to fancy restaurants and so on , responsabilities M_increase with age and i think the more you M_have responsabilies the less you will get to enjoy life . 
the life of a student is M_full of surprising M_experiments that someone get to M_discover day after day . 
there is nothing more interesting that being a simple student who M_has no responsabilty except just studying a little and M_spending all his M_free time getting to meet new friends , partying more often . 
I remember when i was a young person , it was the best time of my life i had meet alot a friends , its true am still in contact with them till now but it is just not the same thing when we were young , we dont see each other more often like we use to do , every time we want to meet we have to schedule our meetings in advance , and even when we meet we dont M_have fun like we use to do . 
Is it the age or what ? 
Is it because where are old this is happening ? 
we can not stay up late anymore , we are thinking about M_collecting momey and the difficulties and responsabilities of life . 
Another point to be mentioned is the health , i am an athlete , i enjoy doing sport , gathering with my friends around a soccer game , but unfornately i can not do this anymore . 
Every time i do a M_small effort i stop right away because i can not continue . 
It is all rekated to growing older and older and M_having alot of responsabilities . 
Another thing to talk about it the house duties , shoping cleaning kisd demands , we have to do all of this over the weekend when we M_have a little of M_free time All these things make us more and more busy not enjoying life and days after day with someone becoming older responsabilities M_increase i think young people enjoy life more yhan old people .
There are two type of successful people I think : the first one is the person , who M_reached the success with the own forces . 
This kind of successfully person is intelligent , quick , knows the meaning of the word work , all that heshe has it have been M_earned from himher , so heshe knows exactely how to do the job or how to behave in varies occasions . 
For this reason I do nt agree with the statement because I think this kind of person will surely try new things or take some risks to M_reach what heshe wants to or to improve in hisher job , because heshe is sure , competent and respectable . 
However in my mind ther s another kind of succesful people , those who M_reached the success because this success has been M_gifted to they . 
In this case the person has not the quality to be a successful person because heshe did nt work hard to M_reach hisher life s purpose , heshe does nt konw how to work well or how to behave in some kind of circumstances and first of all ther s the risk that the success can have a M_too M_big M_weight for heshe and this kind of people could M_crash M_down . 
I think they would never take into account to take a risk or triyng new things , because they know that in case of a big problem they would nt know how to solve it . 
They would of course look for the help of other people . 
Because of those reason I agree and disagree with the statement in the same time . 
All that concern the choices of a person depend on so many things like character , ability , past and also a little bit of luck .
I agree the best way to travel is in agroup led by a tour guide . 
Last summer i went to Itlay with a group and a tour guide , I liked my trip becuse I meet new people form diffrent places and M_shier same informations . 
If I did not with the guide I would M_miss many places in Italy . 
In the same time , I did not konw the history for the places i had visit . 
Two years ago , I went to Japan with my friend , most of the time we were lost because , we did not speake thier language and did not know thier transportion system . 
Travel with the group and the tour guide is cheper than trave alone and you cane see more places in M_limited time . 
In addation , some trave agents have many tours so , you can select what you like . 
However , they have programs during the trip to make the travels enjoy they trip . 
There is bad thing when travel with group , some pepol do not respect the others and make the travelers do not like the trip . 
But in genral I prefe travel with group and a tour guide .
I agree with that statement because learning facts are M_based on understanding ideas . 
Students can not learn new facts without knowing where they M_came M_from or what corroberates them . 
for some people , memorizing a new fact is enough . 
It might not be that important to them to understand it or study it . 
but i disagree with that . 
there has to be a M_base for everything someone learns or it wont be concidered learning . 
My favorite subject has always been Math because , unlike subjects like History and Literature , its all M_based on logic . 
everything has an explanation and acknowledging that explanation M_leads to acknowledging a new fact . 
When students understand ideas , they become more productive , and more accomplished , because M_grasping and analizing ideas M_leads to creativety which M_leads to creation . 
Students have differents learning skills , some learn by memorizing conlusions , and some cant memorize without an knowing how they M_reached to the those conclusions . 
Understanding ideas is more difficult that learning facts . a fact can be learned by reading a book or a biography , an idea has to be studied to be learned , which oblidges more thinking . 
As a result , one who studies new concepts provide more in the community in the future , because what is his or her mind are not just M_fixed facts , they are M_ways of thinking . 
If someone thinks about the technology that is enhancing everyday and the growth of our economies , it will be clear that it is the cause of knowledge , knowledge that is not only M_obtained by memorizing facts but by creative minds . 
There is more to improvement than learning facts . 
and when i say improvement i mean in yourself . 
when you want to imoprove youself you need to understand what you learn to implicate it . 
Thats how the process of teaching works as well . 
Teachers could have just given out books and told students to read them at home and get tested on them the next day . 
Wouldnt that have been easier if the point was nt to make students understand what they re M_taking in school ?
